Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuña de Jarama and Alcobenda.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport has a runway name of 18L/ 36R.
The ICAO Location Identifier for Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
Al Taqaddum Air Base has a runway length of 3684.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3,060.12.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's 1st runway number is 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
Andrews County Airport has a runway length of 896.
Angola International Airport has a surface type of asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
Appleton International Airport has a runway length of 2439.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 518.
The UTAA ICAO Location Identifier is UTAA.
The airport's runway name is 11/29.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13/31.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
The demonym for Denmark is Danes.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is the language spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the region of New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force fought in the 1986 bombing of Libya.
Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is the transport aircraft used by the United States Air Force.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania is to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is called the Prime Minister.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The 250 Delaware Avenue is a modern architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
320 South Boston Building was designed by George Winkler.
320 South Boston Building was built in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
The architect of Adare Manor, which was designed by George Richard Pain and James Pain, is James Pain.
Adisham Hall is located at Haputsale.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by College of William and Mary.
amdavad ni gufa is located at lalbhai dalpatbhai campus, near cept u, opp. gujarati university, university road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has a reference number of 88002539.
Julia Morgan designed the Asilomars Conference Grounds.
"Asilomar Conference Grounds" is designed by the Arts and Crafts movement and American craftman bungalows.
In 1913, the Asilomars Conference Grounds were constructed.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
Indian people are the demonym for India.
Julia Morgan is a significant building in Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
White South African is an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165 2060 0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is published in print.
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom.
A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798318.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in English.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
The ISSN number of the AbHandlungen Aus Dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025 - 5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil was published in print.
ACTA PALAEONTOLOGICA POLINA has an ISSN number of 0567 - 7920.
The LCCN number of the Addiction journal is 93645 978.
Addiction journal is an academic discipline.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
American Journal of Mathematics is an academic discipline.
Castle is a novel written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishing is the parent company of Farrar and Straus and Giroux.
John Cowper Powys worked at A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is published in the United States.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
A.C. Chievo Verona's manager is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapán play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
AFC Blackpool is the full name of the club.
AFC Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
AFC Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
The ground of AEK Athens F.C. is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014-15 Football League in Greece.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014-15 season.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault is the full name of the club.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Christian Panucci played for Chelsea FC.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer played for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is in Umbria.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago played for the A. S. D. S. Nola 1925 club.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta BC.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger plays for 1 FC Koln.
Rolando Maran played for F.C. Bor in 1908.
Jong Ajax is the tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St. Vincent-St Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M Reddy.
Mahé, India is to the northwest of Kerala.
Mendrisio is located in Meride.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
Thomas Pallesen is the dean of the school of business and social sciences at the aarhus university.
The University of Aarhus has 16000 students.
Alan Bean is from the United States.
The backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was chosen by NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bibbo Bibbowski's full name is Bo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Jon Valor is an alternative name for Black Pirate.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is from the United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Albany, Georgia is in the area code 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico's leader title is Mayor.
Albuquerque, New Mexico's leader title is New Mexico House of Representatives.
Albuquerque, New Mexico's leader title is New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is 324 metres above sea level.
Antioch, California is in the area code 925.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472 people per square kilometer.
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas.
Spanish is the language spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
Portland, Oregon is the largest city in Oregon.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
The ingredients of amatriciana sauce are pecorino Romano.
Chili pepper can be used as an ingredient in the sauce of arribiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia.
Arros negre is from the region of Valencian Community.
Ayam Penyet is located in Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in BLT.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region.
Bakewell pudding is served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombia.
Chicharron is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Paisa region.
Barny cakes have a serving size of 30.0 grams.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumplings with tofu and vegetable in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is found in the region of Indonesia.
Bhajji is an alternative name for Bhaji and bajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Bionico is a variation of cottage cheese.
Bionico is located in the Jalisco region.
Chicken is a bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
Aristoeles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
Java is an ethnic group of Banyumsan people.
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is the language spoken in New York.
Shumai is from China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield which is nearest Frederick, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who died in the battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who died in the battle of Baku. The native name of the memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Akron, Ohio is located.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where Salem is the capital.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Texas in the United States.
Anaheim, California is part of California which is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, California in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and an elevation above sea level of 13.0.
Arlington, Texas has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres and an elevation above sea level of 184.0.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas in the United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421 people per square kilometer and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Amarillo Texas is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albuquerque, New Mexico is located.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albany, Georgia is part of the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Auburn, Alabama is located.
English is the language spoken in the United States where Akron, Ohio is located.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the President of the United States.
Tomato is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Arem arem is from.
Italian is the language spoken in Italy, where the dish arrabbiata sauce can be found.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy, where Arrabiata sauce is made.
Chili pepper is one of the ingredients in Arrabiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish from Indonesia where fish cooked in hot sauce is a main ingredient.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia.
Club Sandwich is a dish variation of BLT.
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are sausage and bacon.
The Bacon Sandwich is an alternative name for the Bacon Butty, Bacon Sarnie, Rasher Sandwich, Bacon Sanger, Piece 'n Bacon, Bacon Cob, Bacon Barm and Bacon muffin.
The BLT is a variation of the bacon sandwich which includes bread.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Manuel Valls.
Meringue is an ingredient in baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves.
Bakso comes from Indonesia and contains vermicelli.
Bakso contains celery which is a member of the Apiaceae family.
Bandeja paisa is from Colombia and contains chicharrón.
Barny cakes come from France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor which comes from Indonesia.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay that uses peanut sauce.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are Kway teow and beef tenderloin.
Bhajji is from India where the demonym is Indian people.
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T.S. Thakur.
Binignit comes from the Philippines where Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Banana is a main ingredient in Binignit which comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of Binignit are banana and sweet potato.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is from.
Granola is one of the ingredients of Bionico which is found in Guadelajara.
Bionico is a dessert that can be served with a cake.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai which includes Shiitake.
Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2777.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is 610 metres above sea level. It is located in Madrid, Paracuña de Jarama and Alcobenda.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport has a runway length of 3500.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province in Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where the language is Arabic.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae which is classed as a monocotylidon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877 metres.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway length of 3800 metres and an elevation above sea level of 3.3528 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located at elevation above the sea level 3.3528 meters and has a surface type of asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston.
Angola International Airport serves Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 597 and a 3rd runway surface type is Poaceae.
The 1st runway length of 12467 feet is above the sea level.
The Turkmenistan Airlines (headquarters in Turkmenistan) is the operating organisation for Ashgabats International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. The runway name is 4/22.
Atlantic City International Airport, operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, has a runway length of 3048.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014-15 Regionalliga season.
A.C. Chievo Verona has 39371 members and is located in Verona, Italy.
A.C. Chievo Verona's manager is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 season in Greece.
AFC Blackpool's manager is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Blackburn Rovers FC.
AFC Blackpool's manager is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Irlam Town FC.
AFC Fylde has 3180 members and is located in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has a ground of Gubbio and has 5300 members.
A.S. Livorno Calcio play in the Serie B league and are located in Livorno.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio.
Paulo Sousa plays for Juventus FC and is the manager of ACF Fiorentina.
There are 47290 members of ACF Fioresntina, which is the full name of ACF FIorentina.
AEK Athens FC is located in Greece and has 69618 members.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague Greece and play at the Olympic Stadium in Athens.
The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Sportpark De Toekomst which is leased by Jong Ajax.
AZAL PFK play at the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of Empoli FC and plays for A.S. Roma.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, is an E-book.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to AIP Adv., has the EISSN number 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and published in print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has an ISBN number of 0-7653 - 0633-6 and a number of pages.
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys and followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way is available in print and paperback. It has the OCLC number 5739 2246.
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number is 0-670-03080-4.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press which is owned by Penguin Random House.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in print.
The OCLC number for A Severed Wasp is 88005735 and the ISBN number is 0-374- 26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805734.
A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp was published in print and has an ISBN number of 0-374- 26131-8.
Springer Science+Business Media is founded by Julius Springer and is published by Springer Science+ Business Media.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was published in the literary genre of Fantasy Literature. The ISBN number is 0-439-2550-9.
The OCLC number for Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100 and the ISBN number is 0-439-255050-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener.
The academic discipline of American Journal of Mathematics is Mathematics. The abbreviation for this discipline is Am.J. Math.
The publisher of American Journal of Mathematics is Johns Hopkins University Press which is parent company to Johns Hopkins University.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published in the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Uab is the nickname of the 1 Decembrie University in Alba.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvarayan Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is B.M Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi.
April O'Neil was created in the United States by Peter Laird.
Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC and starred Jill Shilling.
Bananaman was broadcasted by STV and starred Graeme Garden.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire and starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 starring Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 starring Scott Adsit.
Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and starred in Big Hero 6.
Ben Urich was created by comic book writer Roger McKenzie and his full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Marv Wolfman and his full name is Bo Bibbowski.
Alan Bean, who was born on March 15, 1932, is retired.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who died.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge in Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served on Apollo 8.
William Anders, who graduated from AFIT in 1962, is now retired.
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has 50 floors.
200 Public Square is located in the United States and has a floor count of 45.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 63145.3 square metres and a floor count of 34.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
320 South Boston Building was designed by George Winkler, who is from the United States.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE and it is located at the East Link Bridge.
3Arena is located in Dublin and was designed by Populous.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
Adare Manor was completed in 1862 and was designed by George Richard Pain.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in the city of Addi Ababa in Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale Sri Lanka and was designed by Tudor Revival architecture.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and is designed in Tudor Revival architecture.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan where Brazilians are an ethnic group.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Nakadori and has a floor count of 3.
The Amdavada ni Gufa, located in Gujarat, is located at the Lalbhai DalPatbhai campus, near the University of Gujarat, University Road.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City which is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick and is part of Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean, born in Wheeler, Texas, is retired.
Joe Biden is the leader of the United States where Buzz Aldrin was born.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and joined NASA in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See died in St. Louis in 1962 at the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See died in St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966 in St Louis, Kingdom of France.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce, Eric Flint and published in print. The book has 448 pages.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written in English, spoken in Great Britain and preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery in New York City and is led by Alexander L Wolf.
The HIV/AIDS journal has an ISSN number of 0269 - 9370.
AIDS (journal) has an ISSN number of 1473 - 5571 and is academic discipline of HIV/AIDS.
AIP Advances is edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson, a Stanford University alma mater.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has an OCLC number of 51969173 and an ISBN number of 0 -7653 - 0633 - 6.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and has an OCLC number of 498005501 and an ISBN number of 1-569 4701.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published in the English language by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages. The OCLC number is 8085735 and the number of pages is 388.
The abbreviation for Abh. Mathematics Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abbreviated to Abh.Math.Seminar.Universit.Hamburg) is Abh.Mathemat.Semin. Univ.Hambg. The ISSN number for Abhandl
Aenir, written in English, is followed by Above the Veil, which is also in Australia.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix and followed by Above the Veil, is written in English.
Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
ACTA PALAEONTOLOGICA POLINA has an ISSN number of 0567 - 7920 and an LCCN number of 60040714.
Addiction (journal) has the academic discipline of Addiction and the abbreviation of Addiction.
Addiction (journal) is published by Wiley Blackwell, whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons. It has an ISSN number of 0965 - 2140.
Cornell University, affiliated with the Association of American Universities, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written in English by Garth Nix and followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a hardcover book with 320 pages and the OCLC number 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States and is spoken in Great Britain.
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys who was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenaau Ffestiniog.
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE Publications which has an ISSN number of 0001-8392.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Washington D.C. is the capital city.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is called the President and the ethnic group is African Americans.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is called the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for 1 FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoeniche.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago, who played for A. S.D. Licata in 1931 and A.D. S.S. Nola in 1925.
The full name of A.C. Lumezane, which has 4150 members and is in the league of Lega Pro and A, is AssociazioneCalcioLumezane SpA.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxinoupolis, which has 1500 members.
AFC Blackpool, which has 1500 members, is located in Blackpool and its ground is called Blackpool.
The manager of AFC Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Chesterfield FC and Runcorn FC Halton.
The manager of AFC Fylde is Dave Challinor who plays for Stockport County FC and Colwyn Bay FC.
Livorno, Italy is the home ground of A.S. Livorno, Calcio, which has 19238 members.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio, who play in Serie B, where the champions are Carpi F.C.1909.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea FC.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague Greece where the champions are Olympiacos FC and the ground is in Greece.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Ajax (amateurs) who play in Amsterdam in the Amsterdam Centrum.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam which is the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs).
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Jong Ajax and İstanbul A.S.
The ground at Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil is known as the Estadio Municipal Coaracy Da Mata.
Luciano Spalletti, who plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C., is the manager of A.S. Roma.
Massimo Drago is the manager of S.S.Chieti Calcio and A.C. Cesena. He played for both clubs.
Massimo Drago plays for the U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and is manager of A.C. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago, who plays for the U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio, is manager of A.C. Cesena.
John Madin was born in Birmingham and designed 103 Colmore Row.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland,Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Frank G. Jackson is the leader of Cleveland.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has a floor area of 30843 square metres and 12 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
The 320 South Boston Building, designed by George Winkler, has a floor count of 22 and is located in the United States.
3Arena, designed by HOK SVE, was completed in December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has a floor count of 23.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has a floor count of 23.
Augustus Pugin is the architect of Adare Manor, which was designed by Augustus Pugin. The Palace of Westminster is a significant building.
Philip Charles Hardwick designed Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and was owned by J.P. McManus.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 and was designed by the architect Ludovic Jacabian.
Adisham Hall, completed in 1931, is located in Sri Lanka and was designed by the architects of the Tudor-Jacabian style.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputsale, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesingh.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepuram.
Alan B Miller Hall was built in the United States on 30 March 2007 and is currently occupied by the Mason School of Business.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and graduated from the Riverside Art Museum in San Francisco. She designed the grounds of asilomar conference grounds.
Julia Morgan, who was born in California, designed the Chinatown, San Francisco Conference Grounds.
The Asilomars Conference Grounds are located on Asilombar Blvd. in Pacific Grove, CA. They were added to the national register of historic places on 27 February 1987. The reference number is 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths, located at Avenue A (Manhattan), was built in 1904 and was added to the national register of historic places on 23 April 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City and was built in 1904. It was added to the national register of historic places on April 23, 1980.
103 Colmore Row is designed by the architect John Madin who lives in Birmingham. The Conservative Party (UK) is the leader in Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham and is the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Addis Ababa is a city in Ethiopia where the leader is hailemariam desalegn.
Ahmedabad is the capital of Gujarat where the leader is Anandibens Patel. Amdavada ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad.
Marriott International is the tenant of Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland. Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Georgia.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142 people per square kilometer and a leader title of New Mexico Senate.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta is part of Georgia (U.S. state) and is home to the Asian Americans.
Alpharetta Georgia is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres and an UTC offset of -7.
Anaheim, California is part of California and is led by the California State Senate which is located in the California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in that state.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The county seat is Fort Worth, Texas.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Atlanta has a population density of 1299 people per square kilometer and a total area of 347.1 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey and is the largest city in New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States. The largest city in Atlantic City is New York City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington, D.C. which is the capital of the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington (state) in the United States. Olympia is the capital of Washington.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, which is part of Georgia (U.S. state). The capital of Georgia is Atlanta.
Madison County, Indiana is located in the United States and is the largest city in Anderson, Indiana.
Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of the United States and New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is English.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Washington DC.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Washington DC.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Akron, Ohio which is part of Summit County, Ohio.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans and the language is English.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken.
Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2776 and a runway name of 10R/28 L. The airport is operated by Aarhus LUFTHAVN A/S.
Lake Placid, New York is served by the Adirondacks Regional Airport which has a runway length of 2003.0 and serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Paracuello de Jarama, part of the community of Madrid, Spain.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway length is 3,992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the 1986 bombing of Libya. The aircraft fighter is the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The aircraft fighter is the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
Alderney Airport serves Alderney in the city of Alderney. The 1st runway is made of Poaceae.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority (Jinnah International Airport).
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway name of 18L/ 36R. The runway length is 2900.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Michigan, United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. The airport has a runway length of 1773.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and is 973 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 896.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital city is Austin and the language is English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States where the demonym is Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the language spoken is German.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, headquartered at Four World Trade Center in New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is located at Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the United States and has a runway length of 3048.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where Lahore is served by the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Adolfo Suarez-Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the Community of Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain. The People's Party (Spain) is the leader party in Spain.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carroll County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania and is located southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital city is Baku and the native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir.
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatrician sauce which originates from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arem arem originates from the Javanese cuisine and contains the main ingredients of compressed rice and vegetables.
Tomato is a member of the Solanaceae family and belongs to the flowering plant division.
Olive oil is one of the ingredients in Arrabiata Sauce which comes from the region of Rome in Italy.
Tomato is one of the ingredients in Arrabiata Sauce which comes from the region of Rome in Italy.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia, Indonesia and Malaysia. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Lettuce is an ingredient in BLT, club sandwich and bacon sandwich.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the ethnic group is White Americans.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is John Roberts.
The BLT is a variation of the club sandwich which includes bread and bacon.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from the region of New York in France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Manuel Valls and the currency is the Euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the United States and is found in New York.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert course.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that can be found in the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam and butter.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam and butter.
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Barny cakes come from France where the leader is Claude Bartolone and the leader is Manuel Valls.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs and vegetables, chicken and shrimp.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where vegetables, chicken and shrimp are main ingredients.
Beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in Singapore, Indonesia and Singapore. Tony Tan is the leader of Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia and contains oyster sauce.
Bhajji comes from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Binignit contains banana and is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
Binignit contains sago and is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
Binignit is a dish that can be served as a dessert. It contains taro and cookie.
Binignit comes from the Solanales order and contains banana as one of its main ingredients.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert in Mexico.
Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico which is found in the Guadelajara region of Mexico.
Bionico comes from Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency is the Mexican Peso.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where the capital is Rome and the country is known for its Amatrician sauce.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the Igorot people and the language is Arabic.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan and the language is English.
Tomato belongs to the family of the Solanales and is a member of the order of Solanales. It is an ingredient in amatriciana sauce.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India. Its academic staff is 250.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, located in Bangalore, has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvedvaraya Technological University.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, which is northwest of Mahé, India. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where one of the ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania. The anthem of the country is Deștesaptă Te, Romagne!
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where one of the ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania and the leader is Klaus Iohannis.
The European University Association is the headquarters of the European University Association which was established in 1928 in Brussels.
Founded in 1928 in Aarhus, Denmark, the School of Business & Social Sciences at Aarhus is located in the city of Aarhus.
Asterix (comics character) was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo, both French people.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman, which was broadcasted by the BBC on April 15, 1986.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6, which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Big Hero 6, starring Scott Adsit, was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Big Hero 6 was produced by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Ryan Potter.
The comic character, Blockbuster, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The comic character, Bolt, was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn and is known as Larry Bolatinsky.
Bolt (comics character) was created by Ernie Colón and Gary Cohn and is known as Larry Bolatinsky.
Completed in 1973, 103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham and has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital city is Cape Town and the ethnic group is the Asian South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Ohio, United States. Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has a floor area of 30843 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
300 North LaSalle, located in Illinois, was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster and is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen. The hotel has a floor count of 23 and was designed by 3XN.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick, which is part of Munster and is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. The ethnic group is Filipinos in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The Vietnamese people are one of the ethnic groups in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way in Williamsburg, Virginia, was completed on 1 June 2009.
Amitavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India, India where the leader is Narendra Modi and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
"Asilomar Conference Grounds, Pacific Grove, California, was constructed in 1913 and was added to the national register of historic places on 27 February 1987. The ground is located at Pacific Grove and the reference number is 87000823".
Asser Levy Public Baths are located at Avenue A (Manhattan) and were constructed in 1904. They were added to the national register of historic places on 23 April 1980. The reference number is 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, which is part of Manhattan and Brooklyn. Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader of New York City.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City which is part of Manhattan, United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of New York City.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row is designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham, leader of the Labour Party UK.
Amitaben Patel and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders of Gujarat which is in India. The country is home to Amdavada ni Gufa which is located in India.
T.S. Thakur is the leader of India which is in the country of Gujarat. The leader of India is Narendra Modi. Amdavada ni Gufa is located in Gujarat.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the English language is spoken. Joe Biden is the President of the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who died in the battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. Its native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is nearest to Frederick, Maryland.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the material of the Ataturk Monument is bronze.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state) and is part of the United States. English is the language spoken in the U.S. and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142 people per square mile and a total area of 490.9 square kilometres.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state of Georgia. The county seat is in Atlanta.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Austin is the capital of Texas.
California State Assembly is located at the California State Capitol. It is the location of Anaheim, California which is part of the state of California. The leader title of California is California State Assembly.
Anderson, Indiana has a population density of 523 people per square kilometer and a total area of 107.43 square kilometres.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California has a population total of 102372 and an area of 75.324 square kilometres. The UTC offset is -7.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421 people per square kilometer and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres. The area code of Atlantic City is 609 and the leader is the Mayor of Atlantic City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. Auburn is home to the Asian Americans.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, Alabama in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in Alabama.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington which is part of King County, Washington in the United States. Washington is the capital of Washington, D.C.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington, D.C. and is part of King County, Washington. Washington is the capital of the United States.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas, the largest city is Houston and the county seat is San Marcos.
The Chinese language is spoken in California, which is part of the state of California. The California State Assembly is located at the California State Capitol and is the location of Anaheim, California.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state of Georgia. The county seat is Atlanta.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Indianapolis.
The English language is spoken in Texas, which is part of the United States. The largest city in Texas is Houston.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is the President of the United States. The country is home to the city of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader title is New Mexico Senate and the leader is John Sanchez.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States and is home to the Asian Americans. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama. The city of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the capital of the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where English is the official language and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken. Angola, Indiana is part of the United States.
Angolan, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. English is spoken there. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SV Zwickau and FSV Zwickau.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy and played for F.C. Bari 1909.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy. He played for Torino FC, AC Chievo Verona and A.C. Lumezzane.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxinoupolis, which has 1500 members and plays in the AEPSTH 2nd Group league.
Stuart Parker (footballer) is the manager of AFC Blackpool who play in the ground at Blackpool which is owned by Stockport County FC. The leader of the Conservative Party in the UK is the leader of Blackpool.
Stuart Parker (footballer) is the manager of AFC Blackpool who play in the ground at Blackpool which is owned by Stockport County FC. Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool.
AFC Fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season at Warton Fylde in Lancashire.
AFC Fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season at Bryning Lane. The club's fullname is Association Football Club FC Fylde.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina. He played for Juventus FC, Inter Milan and Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague in Greece. They have 69618 members and played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) play at Sportpark De Toekomst, which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and Jong Ajax.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) has 5000 members and a nickname of Joden, Godenzonen and played in the 2014 season.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax. He also plays for the Netherlands national football team.
Vila Nova FC play in the Vila Nova Futebol Clube league. They play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas.
The ground at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil, is called Estadio Municipal Coaracy.
Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca (Arapiraca, Brazil) is the location of the Estadio Municipal Coaracy, which is the home ground of Agremiaca Sportiva. The club play at the Estação Sportiva Arapiraqu
Akron Summit Assault is located in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital city is Rome.
Peter Stoger is the manager of FC Admira Wacker Mödling and 1 FC Koln. He plays for SK Vorwärters Steyr.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene Texas at a height of 546 metres above sea level. The airport's runway name is 17L/35 R.
In the city of Saranac Lake, New York, the Adirondacks Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York. The airport has a runway length of 2003.0 and is 507 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/ 36R and the runway length is 3500.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has an IATA location identifier of AGR and an ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The airbase has a runway length of 3990 and a runway name of 08/26.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The airbase has a runway length of 3990 and a runway name of 09 R/27L.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which is involved in the invasion of Grenada. The US Air Force has the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The airport has a runway length of 2900 and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The airport's runway name is 09/27/17, the runway length is 2014.0 and the elevation above sea level is 3.3528 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam. The airport has a runway with a length of 2014.0 and an elevation of 3.3528 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. The airport is 929 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States where the demonym is Tejano and the capital city is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States where the capital city is Austin and the language is English.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola, which is part of Luanda Province. It serves the city of Luanda.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government. It is located 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
The Turkmenistan Airlines (headquarters in Turkmenistan) is the operating organisation for the Turkmenistan airport. The hubairport is located at Turkmensbashi International Airport.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata at 94 metres above sea level and serves the city of Athens. The airport has a runway length of 3800.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority which is led by Stephen Dilts. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the leader is Charles Michel. The country's language is German.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the French language is spoken. Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of Essex County, New York and is served by the city of Harrietstown, New York in the United States.
Fuad Masum is the leader of Iraq where Kurdish languages are spoken. The city of Fallujah is served by Al Taqaddum Air Base.
Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the leader is Haider al-Abadi and the language spoken is Kurdish.
Lahore is served by the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan which is led by Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae which belongs to the order of Commelinids and is classed as a flowering plant.
Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC in the city of London. The product is the BBC Radio which is located in the Broadcasting House.
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Baymax was created by the American Duncan Rouleau and starred in the film Big Hero 6.
Larry Bolatinsky is a Puerto Rican comic book character who was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colón.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint who was born in Burbank, California and was preceded by Grantville Gazette III.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is an E-book with 512 pages. It was written by Eric Flint and Virginia De Marce and has an ISBN number of 1-4165 - 2060-0.
AIDS (journal) is published in the United Kingdom. The country's leader is Elizabeth II and its parent company is Wolters Kluwer.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J.V. Jones, is available in hardcover and has an OCLC number of 51969173.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number of 498005501 and the ISBN number of 1 - 56947 - 301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where the ethnic group is Asian Americans and the language is English.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, has 560 pages and is available in hardcover. The ISBN number is 978-0- 15- 204770- 2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the academic discipline of Mathematics and the ISSN number of 0236- 5294. It has the LCCN number 836463 15 and the abbreviation Acta Math Hungar.
The academic discipline of Paleobiology is Paleobiology. The LCCN number is 60040714 and the abbreviation is Acta Palaeonol. Pol.
The Polish Academy of Sciences has an ISSN number of 1700-2421 and an LCCN number of 60040714. The title of the book is Acta Palæontologica Polonica.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities. It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities in the state of New York. Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, has 233 pages and an ISBN number of 0-439- 17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and was published by Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. The parent company of Johns Hopkins University is Johns Hopkins University.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans and the English language is spoken.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The language spoken in Great Britain is English.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. English is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the ethnic group is Asian Americans and the language is English.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas in 1963. He spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard received the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Chris Patten and William Anders were crew members of Apollo 8. They were born in British Hong Kong.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a fighter pilot for NASA in 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin, Jr. and was a member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He received 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
William Anders was a fighter pilot who served on Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. He was chosen by NASA in 1963.
The AWH Engineering College, established in 2001, is located in the city of Kuttikattoor in the country of India. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaray Institute of Technology in the city of Belgaum, India. The campus is located in Soldevanahanahalli Acharya Dr, Sarvapalo Radhakrishnan Road, Hessaramghatta Main Rd, Bangalore - 5600
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvarayan Technological University. The director of the institute is Dr. G P Prabhukumar.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education which is located in Mumbai. It offers tennis which is a sport which is governed by the International Tennis Federation.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Bucharest is the capital city.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark. The country is governed by a Magistrate and is located in the city of Aarhus.
Kerala's leader is Kochi and its academic staff size is 250.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Romania is located in Bucharest. The capital city is Bucharest and the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital city is Bucharest. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania.
Tomato and guanciale are two of the main ingredients in amatriciana sauce which originates from the Lazio region of Italy.
Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella are the leaders of Italy where the capital city is Rome and the country is known for its Arrabiata sauce.
Arros negre is a dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice cuttlefish and squid cuttlefish.
Arros negre is a dish from the region of Catalonia in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice and cuttlefish and squid.
Arros negre comes from the region of Catalonia, which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia. Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish from the region of Sumatra in Malaysia, where one of the ethnic groups is Malaysian Malay.
Asam pedas is a dish from the region of Sumatra, Malaysia, where the ethnic group of Malays is one of the ethnic groups.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is John Roberts and the capital is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Ketchup is one of the ingredients in bacon sandwiches which are popular in the United Kingdom. The BLT is a variation of this dish.
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon, usually ketchup and brown sauce. It can also be called a bacon butty, a bacon sarna, a bacon cob, a bacon barm or a bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is a dessert from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Baked Alaska can be found in Paris, New York, Hong Kong or in the United States. The main ingredients of Baked Alaska are meringue and ice cream.
Meringue and ice cream are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which comes from Hong Kong in the US or China.
Baked Alaska is found in Hong Kong, United States. The main ingredients are meringue and ice cream.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves and is found in the Derbyshire Dales region.
Tapioca is an ingredient in Bakso which is popular in Indonesia and is also popular in Southeast Asian countries. The main ingredients are ground beef and tapioca.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef and tapioca. The noodle is also an ingredient. The dish is also popular in Indonesia.
Kidney bean is one of the main ingredients of Bandeja paisa which is from the Paisa region of Colombia. The main ingredients of this dish are red beans (pork belly), white rice (ground meat) and chicharon (fried egg).
Bandeja paisa is a dish from the Paisa region of Colombia. The main ingredients are red beans (pork belly), white rice (ground meat), chicharon (fried egg), plantain (Patacones) and chorizo (arepa).
Barny cakes are found in France, where the French language is spoken and the leader is Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Siomay and Shumai are variations of the dish Batagor which comes from Indonesia.
Batchoy is a dish from La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs and vegetables, chicken and shrimp.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs and vegetables, chicken and shrimp.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are Kway teow and beef tenderloin. Sesame oil and dried black beans are the main ingredients.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is Standard Chinese.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are Kway teow and beef tenderloin. Sesame oil and dried black beans are the main ingredients.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India and is also known as Bhaji bajji. Vegetable is an ingredient in Bhajji.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables. The dish can also be called bhaji or bajji.
Sago is the main ingredient of binignit which comes from the flowering plant of the Solanales order.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk and sago.
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. Granola is an ingredient in Bionico.
Chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut, raisins and shredded coconut are the main ingredients of Bionico which is found in Mexico.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the course is cookie.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Tapioca is an ingredient.
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader and Baduy is an ethnic group.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the ethnic group is the Ilocano people and the language is Philippine Spanish.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the Igorot people and the language is Arabic.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the language is Philippine English and the dessert is cookie.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the language is Philippine English and Sandesh is a dessert.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written in English, followed by Ring of Fire II, Grantville Gazette and The Grantville Gazette.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities. The president of Cornell University is Elizabeth Garrett and the publisher is Cornell University.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is the spoken language in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published in the United States by Soho Press. English is the spoken language in Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. The country's ethnic group is Asian Americans and the English language is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and English is the spoken language. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Above the Veil was preceded by Aenir, Castle and Into Battle, all of which were published in Australia.
A severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the ethnic group is Asian Americans. English is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the spoken language is English. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair which was published in the United States. The country's leader is Barack Obama and its capital is Washington DC. Asian Americans are one of its ethnic groups.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the demonym is Americans. The capital city is Washington D.C. and the ethnic group is African Americans.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is called the President. English is spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state) and is part of the United States. The leader of the U.S. is called the President and the ethnic group is Asian Americans.
Alpharetta is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state of Georgia. The largest city in Fulton County is Atlanta. Native Americans are an ethnic group in Georgia.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital city is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas which is in the United States. The English language is spoken in Texas and the capital city is Austin.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas which is located in the Potter County, Texas in the United States. The English language is spoken in Texas. The capital city is Austin.
Anderson, Indiana is part of the Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson, Indiana has a population density of 523 people per square kilometer.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California. It is part of the San Francisco Bay Area and is governed by the California 11th State Assembly district. The English language is spoken in California.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia and has a population density of 1299 people per square kilometer. The area code is 404 and the area total is 347.1.
Attica, Indiana is part of the United States and is located in Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. Attica has a total area of 4.14 square kilometres and an elevation of 166.0 metres above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama which is in the state of Alabama. The capital of Alabama is Washington D.C. and African Americans are an ethnic group there.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States. It is part of King County, Washington and has a population density of 914 people per square kilometer.
Round Rock is the largest city in Williamson County, Texas, which is part of Texas. The English language is spoken in Williamson County.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas. The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is English.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas. The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is Spanish.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Indianapolis and the language spoken is English Americans.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas. The county seat is Fort Worth and Spanish is spoken there.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Texas which is part of Tarrant County, Texas. The capital city of Texas is Austin.
The capital of the United States is Washington DC. New York City is part of New Jersey and the largest city is New York City. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the demonym is Americans and the capital is Washington DC. Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County in Oregon.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon and is home to the Asian Americans. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the demonym for Americans is Americans.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is part of Steuben County, Indiana. English is the language spoken in the U.S. and the demonym for Americans is Americans.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington DC. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama which is in the state of Alabama.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama which is in the state of Alabama. Opelika is a county seat in Alabama.
Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of New Jersey. Trenton is the largest city in New Jersey and is home to the Native Americans.
President Barack Obama is the leader of the United States which is part of New Mexico. The language spoken in Albuquerque, New Mexico is English.
The Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the language is English and the demonym is Americans. Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The capital city is Washington D.C. and Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is called the President and the demonym is Americans. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, northwest of Carroll County, Maryland. It belongs to the category of Contributing Property.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade. The capital city is Baku and the leader is the Prime Minister. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who were killed in the battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who died in the battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The country's capital is Ankara and its largest city is Istanbul. The Ataturk Monument is located in Istanbul.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala in the northwest of Mahé, India. Its academic staff is 250.
The Acharya Institute of Technology has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvarayan Technological University. The institute's director is Dr. G.P. Prabhukumar and its campus is in Soldevaanahalli. The institute is located in the city of Bangalore.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. The president is B M Reddy and the postgraduate students are 700.
The European University Association's headquarters is in Brussels, Denmark. The country's leader is the Monarchy of Denmark and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. The school is affiliated with the European University Association.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India. The country's leader is Kochi and its largest city is Mumbai.
Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country's academic staff size is 737. The school was established in 1928.
Aarhus is located northeast of Mols. The city is governed by a Magistrate and is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 starring Alan Tudyk and Steven T. Seagle. He was created by American Duncan Rouleau.
Michele Marcolini is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane who play in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and Vicenza Calcio is the ground.
Stuart Parker (footballer) is the manager of AFC Blackpool, who play at the Blackpool ground in Blackpool, which is the leader of the Labour Party in the UK.
S.S.Robur Siena are the champions of Serie D in Italy where the language is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC. The stadium is located in Marousi and is the location of the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the demonym is Italians. The capital city is Rome.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the official language is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. The capital city is Rome.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the language is Indonesian. Arem arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the ethnic group is Malaysian Chinese and the capital is Kuala Lumpur. The country is also home to the ethnic group of Malaysian Malay.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the ethnic group is Malaysian Malay and the capital is Kuala Lumpur. The ethnic group is also known as Malays and Indian.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the ethnic group is Malaysian Malay and the capital is Kuala Lumpur. The food is also found in Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia where the leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and the ethnic group is Malaysian Malay.
Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion originates from the United States where Paul Ryan is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington D.C. and English is spoken.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT dish. The main ingredients are bread and bacon, ketchup and brown sauce.
Baked Alaska is from France, where the leader is Manuel Valls and the language is French. The country is also home to the leader of Hong Kong.
Bandeja paisa is a traditional dish from Colombia, where the order of Rosids and the order of the Rutaceae are both members of the same family. Lemon is one of the ingredients of this dish.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Francois Hollande. Barny cakes can also be found in France, where the leader is Gérard Larcher.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where Siomay is a dish and Batagor is a variation of Shumai. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader and Siomay is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and Shiitake is an ingredient. Shumai and Siomay are variations of this dish.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India where T.S. Thakur is the leader and Vajubhai Vala is the leader.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India where T.S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Bionico is a dessert from Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto and the language is Spanish. The dish is served with honey and is a dessert course.
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the dish is honey.
Carles Puigdemont and Felipe VI of Spain are leaders in Catalonia. Arros negre is from the region of Catalonia.
Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and the language is Italian.
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and the demonym is Italians.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and the language is Italian. The country is home to the Amatrician sauce.
Ayam Penyet is a Javanese dish that can be found nationwide in the country of Java. The main ingredients of this dish are chicken and fried chicken.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan and the language is English. Ayam Penyet originates from Java where the Javanese people live.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the language is Arabic and the ethnic group is Chinese and the language is Philippine Spanish.
Susana Diaz is the leader of Spain where the Spanish language is spoken and where the ethnic group is called Spaniards.
Felipe VI of Spain is the leader of Spain, where Susana Diaz is the leader and where AJoblanco is from Andalusia.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and served as a test pilot for NASA in 1963. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a crew member on Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member on Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. The commander of Apollo 8 was Frank Borman.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot and was a member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11. He is a United States citizen.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a crew member on Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930. He served as a crew member on Apollo 11 and was a backup pilot for William Anders. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard died in California. Senator Dianne Feinstein is a member of the California senate and the Apollo 14 crew was operated by NASA.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 8. He retired on September 1, 1969.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark Region.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in the city of Madrid and is operated by ENAIRE. The airport is 610 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 4100 metres.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The airport has a runway length of 1818 and an elevation of 167.94 metres above sea level.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The airbase has a runway length of 3990 and a runway name of 08/26. The ICAO location identifier is ORAA.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The airbase has a runway length of 3992 and a runway name of 08/26.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The US Air Force uses the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III transport aircraft. In 1986 the US bombed Libya with the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which is involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The US Air Force has the transport aircraft Lockheed C-130 Hercules and the attack aircraft Lockheed AC-130.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made of Poaceae and is 733 metres long.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 3310 meters.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway length of 2900.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena Township, Michigan in the United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of Alpena.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena Township, Michigan. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 7/25.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena Township, Michigan. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway named 1/19.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena Township, Michigan in the United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and serves the city of Alpena.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway with a length of 3800 metres.
Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece where the language spoken is Greek. Athens International Airport serves the city.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. The country's leader is Alexis Tsipras and the language spoken is Greek.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Brussels and is located in the city of Antwerp. The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel is the leader of the country.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The ICAO location identifier is KACY.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of Harrietstown, New York in the United States. It is served by the city of Lake Placid, New York.
Saranac Lake, New York is part of Harrietstown, New York in the United States. It is served by the city of Lake Placid in Essex County, New York.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, which is part of Awadh. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force and is home to the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
The Indian Air Force is the operating organisation of the Agra Airport in Uttar Pradesh. The airport is part of Bundelknhand and is run by the Indian Air Force. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh.
Al Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the leader is Haider al-Abadi and the language is Arabic.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 in Cleveland, Ohio, United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and was designed in the postmodern architecture style. It was built in January 2014 and has 12 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. Marriott International is the foundation of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Denmark.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. The hotel is owned by Marriott International, which was founded in Washington D.C. with Bill Marriott as its key person. The language spoken in Denmark is Greenlandic.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark where the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the language is Greenlandic. The hotel is owned by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland, where the leader is Enda Kenny and the country's architect is Augustus Pugin. The Palace of Westminster is one of the most significant buildings in the country.
Built in 1961, the Addi Ababa City Hall has a floor area of 140000 square metres and a height of 42 m. It was completed in 1964.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan and has a floor count of 3.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The country's leader is Tarō Asō and its ethnic group is Chinese.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. The architect is Robert A M Stern and the current tenants are the Mason School of Business at College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and the legislative assembly is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Ampara, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader is Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province of Sri Lanka. It is governed by the Eastern Provincial Council which is based in Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesingh.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and graduated from the San Francisco Institute of Technology with a Bachelor of Science in Architecture. She was involved in significant projects such as the Hearst Castle, Asilomars State Beach and Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco and graduated from the University of San Francisco with a Bachelor of Arts in Architecture. She was involved in significant projects such as the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and asilomar Conference Grounds.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, New York, United States. Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader of New York City.
103 Colmore Row is designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham and is the leader of the city council which is governed by the Labour politician John Clancy.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is the President of the United States. The leader is Barack Obama.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Adams County, Pennsylvania. The monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania which is to the west of Franklin County, Pennsylvania and Carroll County, Maryland. It is categorised as a contributing property.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan. The capital city is Baku and the country is the location of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial which is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers who were killed in the battle of Baku. The memorial is made of red granite, white marble and red granite.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the soldiers of the Ottoman Army killed in the battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan. The country's leader is Artur Rasizade and its native name is Turk Sehit
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorized as a historic district in the United States.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot who spent 100305 minutes in space. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served on the Apollo 14 crew. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Alan Shepard died in California.
Alfred Worden was the backup pilot of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. Alan Bean was born on June 1st, 1981. Alan Bean retired in June 1981. David Scott was the commander of Apollo 12.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11. He now lives in Massachusetts.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. William Anders was the backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT with a M.S in 1962. He served as a fighter pilot and was a member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member on Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. He retired on September 1st 1969. Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot of Apollo 8.
William Anders served as a crew member on Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA. The crew consisted of Frank Borman, Buzz Aldrin and William Anders. William Anders retired from AFIT in 1962.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in the city of Bangalore, Karnataka, India is affiliated with the Visvesvarayan Technological University. It has 700 postgraduate students and its campus is located in Soldevaanahalli.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was established in 2000 in the city of Bangalore, India. Its president is B M Reddy and it is affiliated with the Visvesvarayan Technological University. The campus is located at In Soldevaanahalli Acharya Dr Sarvapali Radhakrishnan Road,
The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. The country is governed by the Monarchy of Denmark and the Church of Denmark. The school of business and social sciences at Aarhus university is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the dean is Thomas Pallesen and the school is located in the city of Aarhus. The school is affiliated with the European University Association headquarters in Brussels.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala, India. The country's leader is Kochi and its largest city is Mumbai.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. One of the ethnic groups in Romania is the Germans of Romania.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark. The country is home to the University of Aarhus in Aarhus. The school was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students.
The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The country's capital is Ankara and its largest city is Istanbul. The currency is the Turkish lira. The Ataturk Monument in Izmir was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is made of bronze and is located in the capital city of Ankara. The President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The country's capital is Ankara and its currency is the Turkish lira. The country is home to the Ataturk monument in Izmir, which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta and its academic staff is 100.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in the city of Bangalore, Karnataka, India. The institute was established in 2000 and its president is B.M Reddy. The institute's motto is Nurturing Excellence.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education in the state of Karnataka. Karnataka has the Arabian Sea to its northeast and Telangana to its west.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital city is Bucharest and the country's ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania.
Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen. The country's dean is Thomas Pallesen and its academic staff is 737. The school was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association.
Monarchy of Denmark is the leader of Denmark. The leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is governed by a Magistrate. The University of Aarhus is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels.
Located in Aarhus, Denmark, the city of Aarhus has 16,000 students and is affiliated with the European University Association. The dean of the school is Thomas Pallesen and it was established in 1928.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin with a Bachelor of Science in 1955 and served as a test pilot for Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with a M.A in 1957. He served as a test pilot for NASA in 1959. He died in California.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot who served as a crew member on the Apollo 12 mission. Alfred Worden was the backup pilot and David Scott was the commander.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew and was awarded 20 awards.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a member of the Apollo 11 crew which was operated by NASA in 1963. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was a fighter pilot who served as a crew member on Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He served as a crew member on Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA. Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin were also crew members. William Anders retired on September 1, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He joined NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded a Purple Heart.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellenam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub is Vice President of Tuanku-Bujang-Tuanku Oman.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Buma Sarawak party.
Abdul Rahman Taib Mahmud is the successor of Sulaiman Abdul Rahman.
Abdulalami Abubakar was active from 1999 to 05-29.
Abdulalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abubakar was born in Niger state.
Abner W. Sibal was active in 1965.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway's residence is Gravesend.
Adenan Satem is the alma mater of the University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis is inOffice while Prime Minister.
Adonis Georgiadis is the deputy minister for development, competitiveness and shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta Ohio.
Airey Neave was active on July 30, 1953.
Airey Neave was awarded a Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave is a Lieutenant Colonel.
Airey Neave started service in 1935.
Albert B White is a Republican Party member in the United States.
Agnes Ward White is the wife of Albert B White.
Albert Jennings Fountain is a member of the Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire is an Argentine Rear Admiral.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales was active from 1875 to 03/04.
Alfred Moore scales battles at Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred Phillips worked as Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers was born on January 21, 1947.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army's military branch.
Allan Shivers was the successor to Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin was born on 03/04/1853.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States).
Robert E Lee is the commander of the American Civil War.
The language of Austria is Austrian German.
Robert E Lee is the commander of the Battle of Antietam.
Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
The commander of Gulf War is Colin Powell.
John F Kennedy was the predecessor to Dwight D Eisenhower.
Josef Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain was the predecessor of Francisco Franco.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party Argentina.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The 1955 Dodge Coronet is called the Dodge Coronet.
The 1955 Dodge engine was 230 cubic inches.
A Rosa Luna was christened on April 7, 2005.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDA Aluna.
AID Astella was christened on March 16, 2013.
AID Astella was completed on March 11, 2013.
The maiden voyage of AID Astella took place on 03/17/2013.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AID Astella.
ALV-X-1 was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
AMC Matador is an alternative name for American Motors Matador.
ARA Veinticin co de Mayo ( V-2) was sold to the Netherlands on 1 April 1948.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a straight-four engine.
Honda K engine is used in the Acura TLX.
Acura TLX is an AWD vehicle.
Acura TLX is related to Honda Accord.
Acura TLX has a 9 speed automatic transmission.
Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Arese.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 has a 4-speed automatic transmission.
Samuda Brothers is the builder of Alhambra.
The shipBeam is 8.3m long.
Alhambra has been wrecked.
Alhambra has a topSpeed of 18.52.
Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine.
Alvis Speed 25 was built in 1937.
The shipDraft of the American submarine NR-1 is 4.6m.
Antares was launched on October 28, 2014.
Antares (rocket) is launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Ariane 5 was launched from Guiana Space Centre.
Ariane 5 maiden flight took place on August 11, 2005.
Aston Martin V8 has a convertible body style.
Aston Martin V8 is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Aston Martin Virage is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Atlas II completed its final flight on March 16, 1998.
Atlas II was launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
Audi Brussels is the assembly location for the Audi A1.
Audi A1 is related to Seat Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Cociere is located in Genoa.
DeSoto Custom is related to Chrysler Newport.
Fiat Croma is related to Alfa Romeo 164.
The demonym for Germany is Germans.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
Guiana Space Centre is the headquarter of Kourou French Guiana.
Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
The American anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A.C. Milan's chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernandez plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernandez plays for Uruguay national football team.
Abner (footballer) was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
Al Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League.
Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawsra'a SC.
Al Kharaitiyats SC is in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman FC.
Alan Martin (footballer) is a member of the Hamilton Academical Football Club.
Alan Martin played for Scotland National Under 19 Football Team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is 1.905 metres tall.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus played in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons play in the city of Atlanta.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of Boston Bruins.
Budapest is in Hungary.
English is the language spoken in Canada.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets play in Columbus, Ohio.
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvarosi TC.
Finnish is spoken in Finland.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of Italy national under 16 football team.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Fir Park is the ground of Motherwell FC.
Jean Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
St. Louis Rams is located in the city of St. Louis.
The Tennessee Titans play in Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram was active in 1998.
Aaron Deer's associated band/associated musical artist is The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer's record label is Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner is a genre of Avant garde metal.
Aaron Turner is a progressive metal artist.
"Abradab" is a solo singer.
Born on 12/12/1978, Abradabe is currently a member of the club.
"Abradab" was born in Poland.
Hip-hop is a genre of hip-hop music.
Agustín Barboza is a Guarani musician.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is a rock musician.
Albennie Jones is associated with Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Blues artist.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Soul music artist.
Alex Day is a Synthpop artist.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is associated with the band Héctor Numa Moraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz artist.
Alison O'Donnell's instrument is Voice, Bodhrán, and Autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on April 3, 1981.
Allen Forrest is a pop musician.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne is an associated band/associated musical artist.
Anders Osborne is a Blues artist.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records.
Andra (singer) is a rhythm and blues artist.
Andrew Rayel was active in 2009.
Andrew Rayel is associated band/associated musical artist.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinău in Moldova.
Andrew White (musician) is associated with Marry Banilow.
Andrew White (musician) has a B-Unique Record label.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Christian Burns played the guitar.
Hip hop music is a genre of Gangsta rap.
Hip hop music is influenced by Funk.
Indie rock is influenced by New wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
Sony Music Entertainment is the distributing company for RCA Records.
Blues is the origin of rock and roll.
Synthpop originated from Pop music.
The British people are the demonym of the United Kingdom.
The density of the 1994 VK8 is 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
Carl A. Wirtanen was the discoverer of 29075.
The absolute magnitude of the 2009 FD was 22.1.
The 2009 FD had an apoapis of 259776703.47055 km.
Apoapsis for 1998 RO1 is 25.5989570 km.
The epoch of the game played on November 4th, 2013 is 66063.
1000 Piazzia's escape velocity is 0.02252 km/s.
1001 Gaussia was formerly known as "1923 XC".
1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165.0 Kelvin.
Apoapsis of 101 Helena is 441092 000.0 km.
101 Helena was launched on December 31, 2006.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s.
The absolute magnitude of 103 Hera is 7.66.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
107 Camilla was the discoverer of A Storrs.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A894 VA and A904 VA.
The orbital period of 1089 Tama is 1202 days.
1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometres per second.
1097 Vicia was launched on December 31, 2006.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.
Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters was the discoverer of 109 Felicitas.
109 Felicitas has an apis of 2833260000.0.
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s.
Periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 4458950000.0.
110 Lydia was released on December 31, 2006.
The 11264 Claudiaromaccone has a temperature of 173.0 Kelvin.
James Craig Watson graduated from the University of Michigan.
N.R.Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart at the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart at the Battle of Gettysburg.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bersatu party.
Abubakar's alma mater is Technical Institute, Kaduna. He was born in Minna.
The office of the Chief of the Defence Staff Nigeria is located in the Niger State.
The office of the Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria), Abdulsalam Abubakar, was replaced by Al Amin Daggash.
Olusegun Obasanjo was the successor to Abdulalami Abubakar who was active from 1999 to 2005.
The successor to Olusegun Obasanjo is Mike Akhigbe.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Abner W. Sibal is a member of the United States Army which fought in the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended the Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lived in Gravesend.
Adam Koc won the Virtuti-Militari award in World War I.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and was a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular Orthodox rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and was a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular Orthodox rally.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf. She was a Parliamentary Group Leader.
Airey Neave was awarded a Military Cross by the Royal Artillery.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France in 1974.
Hugo Sperrle is the commander of Airey Neave.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II.
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin Roosevelt was commander.
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Albert B White was born on June 22, 1856 and died on September 22, 1941.
Albert B White was born on the 22nd of September, 1856.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who died in New Mexico Territory, was Vice President of the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain, born in New York City, is a Republican Party member.
The successor to Alberto Teisaire is Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria, Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.
Governor of North Carolina, James W. Reid, is the successor to Alfred Moore Scales who worked at the Governor's office.
Alfred Moore Scales was the successor to Daniel Gould Fowle who graduated from Princeton University.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked for the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin Texas and served as a member of the Texas state senate from district 4 (port Arthur).
Allan Shivers served as a member of the Texas state senate from district 4 (port Arthur) and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd of October, 1793 and served as Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg West Virginia in the United States.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and played for the Wichita Thunder.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of the club Abel Hernandez.
Abel Hernandez is a member of the U.S.Città di Palermo club.
Adam Maher plays for AZ Alkmaar and plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadim Assad played for Steel Azin FC and Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferenc Városi TC who are managed by Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams is a member of the Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers was drafted 39th overall by the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers was drafted 39th overall by Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987.
Akeem Priestley played for the Connecticut Huskies and played for Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS and is a member of the club Sheikh Russel KC.
Al Khor Sports Club is located in Al Khor, a city in the north of the country. They play in the Al Khor Football Club ground.
Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaityat SC.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Leeds United F.C. and is a member of the Hamilton Academical Football Club.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. who play at New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. played for the Florida Panthers from 1995 to 1999.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere Finland and played for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Spartak Moscow, is a member of the FC Kuznodar club.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Tom Tomsk in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
Alex Tyus was born on 08/08/1988 in Pallacanestro Cantù.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. and is in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba, the leader of the Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada and speaks English.
Aleksandre Guruli is the manager of FC Dinamo Batumi.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is a member of the club.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. who play at the Palo Seco Velodrome.
Guitarist Aaron Deer plays Psychedelia.
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana and came to the United States.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and is associated with the electroacoustic music genre.
Aaron Turner is a singer in the Avant-Garde Metal genre.
Magik (rapper) is an associated band/associated musical artist.
Born in Katowice on 12/12/78, Abradabi was a member of the Katowice club.
Katowice is the birthplace of Abradabs.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop musician who originated in the disco genre.
Ace Wilder was a solo singer for Warner Music Group.
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay and his record label is Philips Records.
Alan Frew is a rock musician. Bhangra is a genre of rock music.
Alan Frew is a rock musician from the country music genre.
Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer from the Pop music genre.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Blues artist.
Aleksandra Kovač has been active in Soul music since 1990.
Synthpop is a genre of Synthpop that originated in New Wave music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer in the Milonga genre.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer from the taquirari genre.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer from the Zamba (artform) genre.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk rocker who released a record label Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz musician with a voice bodhrán and percussion autoharp.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer from the hip hop genre.
Andrew White is a Christian alternative rock musician.
Anders Osborne is a member of the associated band/associated musical artist, Phil Lesh and Friends.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues artist from Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues artist from Shanachie Records.
Andra has been active in pop music since 2000.
Andra is a blues singer.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
Jwaydan Moyine and Armin Van Buuren are the associated bands of Andrew Rayel.
Andrew White (musician) is a New wave musician.
Banjo is a popular instrument in the country music genre. Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band.
Andrew White (musician) recorded Polydor Records in London.
The escape velocity of the VK8 with escape velocity of 0.095 is 66036333000.0 km/s.
The minimum temperature for the 2009 FD is 211.0°C.
The discoverer of 410777's 2009 FD is Spacewatch.
The escape velocity of the 1998 rover is 0.0991 km/s.
The KW4 was launched on the 14th of July 2004 and has an orbital period of 16244800.0.
1999 KW4 has an epoch of 2004 - 07-14 and a rotation period of 9953. 28.
101 Helena was the discoverer of James Craig Watson who died from Peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s and an apoapis of 611961 000.0 km/s.
Walter Baade was born in Germany and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade, a German, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who died from Peritonitis.
103 Hera was discovered in Canada by James Craig Watson.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA, 1927 WB.
1089 Tama has a temperature of 179.0 kelvins and an apoapis of 3735130000.0 kilometres.
1097 Vicia was launched on June 31st, 2006 and has an epoch of 2006 - 12-31.0.
109 Felicitas has a temperature of 170.0°C and a apoapis of 5233290000.0 km.
109 Felicitas has an epoch of 2006 - 12-31 and an apis of 2833260000.0.
109 Felicitas, which has a rotation period of 47.487.6, was launched on December 31, 2006.
10 Hygiea has a temperature of 164.0°C and a apoapis of 52395153.33968.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, was released on July 27, 2015.
110 Lydia, which has a mass of 6.7 kilograms, was launched on December 31, 2006.
110 Lydia, which has an orbital period of 142603000, was launched on December 31, 2006.
A Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800 metres.
The A Rosa Luna, which is 125800 meters long, was ordered on 22nd of January 2004.
AIDA Cruise is operated by AIDA Cruises and is located in Germany.
AIDA cruises is located in Rostock and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
AID Aluna has a top speed of 40.747 km/h and a length of 252000 metres.
AID Astella, which was christened on March 16, 2013, is 253260 meters long.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 is Montreal Locomotive Works.
ALV-X-1 is a rocket stage with a diameter of 1.524 metres.
AMC Matador was built in Kenosha Wisconsin in 1974.
AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague who was employed by Chrysler.
The length of ARA Veinticintinco de Mayo (V-2), which is located in Argentina, is 19200.0 meters.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Saab 9000 and has an assembly in Milan.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Fiat Croma and has an assembly in Italy.
The assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 in Italy is Lancia Thema.
Alvis Speed 25 is manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company located in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 is equipped with a single plate clutch and a separate 4 speed gearbox all silent and all syncromesh. The engine is a 4387 cubic centimetres.
Alvis Speed 25 is powered by a single plate clutch and a separate 4 speed gearbox all silent and all syncromesh. The transmission is single plate clutch with separate 4 speed and the engine is straight-six engine.
AMC Matador is the successor to American Motors and is manufactured by American Motors.
Antares (rocket) was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport on January 9, 2014.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina which is in the country of Argentina.
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of Ariane 5, the launch site is ELA 3.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space which is the manufacturer of Ariane 5.
Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1 and is manufactured in the United Kingdom.
Aston Martin Virage is the successor to Aston Martin V8 which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
Aston Martin V8 is related to Aston Martin DBS and is successor to Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin V8 is a successor to Aston Martin Virage which is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Atlas II was launched on March 16, 1998 with a diameter of 3.04 meters.
Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Audi e-tron is the manufacturer of Audi A1.
Audi is a subsidiary of Ducati.
Audi A1 is a subsidiary of Quattro GmbH.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person at Caterpillar Inc.
Antares (rocket) is comparable to the Delta II launch site at Vandenberg AFB.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is a builder for Finland.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat.
Rolls Royce Holdings is the owner of MTU Friedrichshafen.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where Aston Martin V8 is made.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is a Christian Democratic Appeal candidate.
Abdul Taib Mahmud (born in Kingdom of Sarawak) is the successor to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Raayat Jatin Sarawak party.
Abdulalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and was employed at the Technical Institute, Kaduna. He is now the Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Olusegun Obasanjo is the Vice President of Nigeria Air Force and the Nigerian Air Force has a branch in office while Vice President is Atiku Abubakar.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the Nigerian Army's Vice President. He is the successor to Abdulsalam Abubakar who is inOffice while Vice President.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteares, Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the congress of deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) and was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Abner W. Sibal is a member of the Republican Party (United States) and was born in Ridgewood Queens.
Adam Holloway was a member of the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War. The commander of the Gulf War was George H W Bush.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and attended the Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is a Conservative Party member.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and served in the Polish–Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was commander.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War, which is part of the Russian Civil War. Leon Trotsky is the commander of the Polish-Soviet War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular Orthodox rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as a minister for health at the Ministry of Health.
Antonis Samaras and Adonis Georgiadis are members of New Democracy (Greece). Blue is the colour of New Democracy.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands), leader of which is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and graduated from the Radboud University in Nijmegen. She served as a member of the house of Representatives.
Airey Neave fought in World War II and was active from 1953 to 1979.
Airey Neave fought in World War II and retired in 1979.
Albert B White was born on June 22nd, 1856 and died on March 3rd, 1941.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta Ohio and her husband Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York City and died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain, born in Staten Island, New York, died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires City Legislature. Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral who was born in Mendoza Argentina and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach, born in Austria, died in Graz.
Albert E Austin is the successor to Alfred Phillips who was born in Connecticut.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien,Connecticut and served as a member of the US House of Representatives. He was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and his successor was Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.
Alvah Sabin was born on 03/03/57 in Burlington, Vermont. Burlington is the largest city in Vermont.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October, 1793. He is a member of the Whig Party in the United States.
Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in Georgia, Vermont. Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia.
Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the American Civil War and Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States.
Alfred Moore Scales served as commander of the American Civil War and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) and died in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. He was the leader of Austria.
Aaron S. Daggett and Robert E. Lee fought in the Battle of Salem Church which is part of the American Civil War.
Ab Klink was born in Stellenendam and is a national of the Netherlands. The currency of the country is the Euro.
Adam Koc is from Poland where the language is Polish and the ethnic group is Kashubians.
The escape velocity of the VK8 with a mass of 5.6 kilograms is 0.095 km/s.
Spacewatch was the discoverer of 410777's 2009 FD.
The minimum temperature is 71.0 degrees Celsius and the maximum temperature is 500.0 Kelvin.
The KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 km/s and a density of 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160 seconds and a periapis of 3524970000.0.
1001 Gaussia, which was formerly known as "1923 XC", has an epoch of July 27, 2015 and an exclamation point of 419.55312 kilometres.
101 Helena, which has a mass of 3.0 kilograms, has an escape velocity of 0.03348 kilometres per second and a mass of 441092 000.0 kilograms.
Walter Baade was born in Germany and studied at the University of Göttingen. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin on August 27, 2011.
103 Hera was the discoverer of James Craig Watson who died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera, which was launched on the 27th of August 2011, has an orbital period of 1622.211 days and a periapsis of 4371770000.0 km.
The escape velocity of 103 Hera is 0.482 km/s and the temperature is 170.0 kelvins.
N.R.Pogson, born in Nottingham, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA, was launched on 26 November 2005 at a period of 1202 days.
1089 Tama was launched on 26 November 2005 at a speed of 2887490000.0 km/s.
1097 Vicia, which was formerly known as 1928 PC, has an epoch of 2006 - 12-31 and a current name of 1928 PC.
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7.5 kilograms and an orbital period of 13970 5000.0.
109 Felicitas, which was launched on December 31, 2006, has an orbital period of 139705000 km and an apoapis of 52329000 km.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s and an orbital period of 5.57 days.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s and a surface area of 837080 square kilometres.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080 km² and a apoapis of 23951582 km². It has a temperature of 164.0°C.
110 Lydia, which has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and a periapis of 3770160000.0, was launched on June 31, 2006.
110 Lydia was launched on June 31, 2006 at a speed of 3770160000.0 km/h.
Aaron Bertram is a musician associated with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends.
Aaron Deer, who is from Indiana, was originally from the United States.
Aaron Deer was born in the United States and his genre is Psychedelia.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal band associated with Greymachine.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Drone music genre and is associated with the band Greymachine.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and is associated with Mamiffer.
Aaron Turner is a musician who plays electric guitar and black metal.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who sings in death metal.
Magik (rapper) and Kaliber44 were born on 12 November 1978.
Magik (rapper) and Kaliber44 are associated bands in Katowice.
Ace Wilder is a genre of hip hop music that originated in the disco genre.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay.
Al Anderson is a rock musician who is associated with the NRBQ band. He sings in the rock genre.
Alan Frew is a rock musician who originated from the country music genre Bhangra.
Albennie Jones is a jazz musician from the Afrobeat genre.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and is a member of the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is a member of the K2 Sisters Duo and is associated with Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač-sisters-duo).
Aleksandra Kovač is an artist associated with the band Bebi Dol and the associated band/associated musical artist Kornelija Kovač.
Aleksandra Kovač is a member of the K2 Sisters Duo and is associated with Kristina Kovač and K2 (Kovač-sisters-duo).
Synthpop is a genre of pop music that originated in disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in England, died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in Manchester, United Kingdom, died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, leader of the Labour Party in the UK.
Boris Johnson is the leader of London where Alfred Garfield died.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the Folk music of Ireland and Mellow Candle.
Alison O'Donnell is a Folk musician who is associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbet.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician with a voice bodhrán and a percussion autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell's Jazz record label is Static Caravan Recordings.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan Alabama and has been a solo singer.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan Alabama and has been a solo singer.
Andrew White (musician) is a New wave musician. Alternative rock is a genre of Nu metal.
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit and Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne's record label is Rabadash Records and he is a rock musician. Bhangra is a genre of rock music.
Andra (singer) is associated with Puya (singer), CRBL and Dance-Pop.
Andra (singer) is associated with Andreea Bălan and Marius Moga.
Andra (singer) was a solo singer in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns and is a Trance musician.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina. He is a Trance musician.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the associated band Jwaydan Moyine and the associated musical artist is Christian Burns.
Andrew White (musician) was a member of the Marry Banilow, Kaiser Chiefs and Universal Records (defunct record label).
Aaron Bertram is a member of Suburban Legends and is associated with the genre of Ska Punk.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata,Mississippi and is an African American.
The 1955 Dodge Coronet has a 3-speed automatic transmission and a V8 engine.
A Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800 metres and was ordered on 22nd January 2004.
A Rosa Luna has a ship displacement of 1850.0 tonnes and a top speed of 24.0 km/h.
Costa Crociere is the owner of AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany and is operated by AIDA Cruise.
AID Astella was christened on March 16, 2013 and was in service from March 17, 2013 to March 17, 2017.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 is American Locomotive Company and the engine is a four-stroke engine.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 is American Locomotive Company and the engine is V12. The length of the car is 17068 metres.
American Locomotive Company is the builder of ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068m and is 17068m long.
ALV-X-1 originates from the United States where the ethnic group is African Americans and the demonym is Americans.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington DC. ALV-X-1 originates from the United States.
ALV-X-1 has a diameter of 1.524 metres and a total launch capacity of 1,200.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and has a straight-four engine.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a width of 1.55 and a body style of two door coupé.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 21.2 metres long.
Alfa Romeo 164 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome and the transportation is Fiat Croma.
Alfa Romeo 164 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome and the transportation is Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema. The assembly is Arese.
Alfa Romeo 164, which is related to Fiat Croma and Saab 9000, has an assembly in Milan.
Alhambra was launched on May 31, 1955 and has a length of 63800 m.
Alhambra is a sunken ship that was launched on May 31, 1955.
Alvis Speed 25 is a petrol engine manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company founded in Coventry.
Roy Chapman, Jr. is the key person of AMC Matador, which was manufactured by American Motors.
Antares (rocket) is a US-origin rocket which is comparable to the Delta II.
Antares(rocket) is a medium expendable rocket that was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad.
Ariane 5 was launched from Guiana Space Centre and was manufactured by Ariane.
Aston Martin V8, which is related to the Aston Martin DBS, has a displacement of 5.3 litres and is powered by a 5.3 liter V8 engine.
Aston Martin V8 is based in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litre V8 engine.
Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in the United States and was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Atlas II originates from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The leader is called the President of the United States.
Atlas II is launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 in the United States.
Audi Brussels built the Audi A1 which has a 1.2 litre engine and a hatchback body style.
Audi is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 which is related to Volkswagen Polo and Seat Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in Peoria, Illinois and is located in California. It uses Caterpillar Inc.'s power type.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Illinois and is owned by AIDA Cruises.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
Antares (rocket) is comparable to Delta II which was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
Guiana Space Centre is the site of the French Guiana space centre and the launch site of the Ariane 5.
Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou French Guiana and is located at the site of the launch site for the Ariane 5.
Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany, is the builder of A Rosa Luna.
Atlas II originates from the United States where the demonym is Americans and the ethnic group is African Americans.
Aaron Hunt played for VfL Wolfsburg, SV Werder Bremen and Goslarer SC 08.
Aaron Hunt played for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernandez, who plays for the Central Español youth club, plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernandez, who plays for the Central Español youth club, plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo club.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and played for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. club in Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams in the second round.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by St. Louis Rams in the 2nd round.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul Zahra was born in Iraq and played for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. He played for the Iraq national under-20 football team.
Shabab Al-Ordon Club is located in Al Kharaityat, Al Khor, where Alaa Abdul Zahra plays.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1, 1989 and played for the Clyde F.C. club.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for the Accrington Stanley F.C. and is a member of the Motherwell Football Club.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 in Tampere Finland. He played for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 in Tampere Finland. He was drafted by the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia. Vladimir Putin is the leader of Russia.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989. He played for FC Kuban Kasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavskaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989. He played for FC Tom Tomsk and is a member of the Russian national football team.
Aleksandre Guruli played for Olympique Lyonnais and played for AZAL PFK.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the US Lesquin club and plays at Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli, who plays for A.C. Milan, is a member of the Italian national under-16 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli played for U.C. Sampdoria and was manager of A.C. Milan.
Alessio Romagnoli played for Italy national under 16 football team and coach Daniele Zoratto.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for the U.C. Sampdoria club.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and played for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante, born in Canada, played for Anyang Halla.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who play in the Euroleague.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of the Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who play in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is a member of FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Anzhi, plays for FC Spartak Moscow and is a youth club.
Aleksandr Chumakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow who played in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15.
Abel Hernandez, who plays for Hull City AFC, plays for Uruguay Olympic Football Team.
Aleksandr Chumakov, born in Moscow, died in Russia.
Luis Miguel Ramirez is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla, who play in the Brazilian national under-20 football team.
Abner (footballer) plays for C.D.FAS and is manager of Real Madrid Castilla.
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis which is part of Greater St Louis. Francis G Slay is the leader of St Louis.
Akeem Ayers played for the New England Patriots before joining the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team and plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. club.
Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen II who play in the 3. Liga.
Abel Hernandez, who plays for the Central Español youth club, plays for Hull City AFC. Steve Bruce is the manager of the club.
Abel Hernandez, who plays for the Central Español youth club, plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo. Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of the club.
Abel Hernandez is a youth club in the U.S.Città di Palermo. They play in the Serie A league and are managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
Adam McQuaid was born in Prince Edward Island on October 12, 1986. He has a weight of 94 kilograms and a height of 1.9 metres.
Adam McQuaid played for the Boston Bruins and was drafted by Columbus Blue Jackets general manager Don Sweeney.
Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th, 1989 in St. Louis Rams. He played for Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Houston Texans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Atlanta Falcons and Houston Texans.
Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharitiyat SC, Alaa Abdul Zahra and Al Zawra SC.
Iraq national under 23 football team manager Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharitiyat SC who play at Al Khor ground.
Shabab Al-Ordon Club manager Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaityat SC who play at Al Khor ground.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1st, 1989 in Hamilton Academical F.C. and played for Crewe Alexandra FC.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1, 1989 in Glasgow. He played for Crewe Alexandra FC and played for Scotland National Under-21 Football Team.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989. He played for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Dynamo Moscow. He is 185.0 cm tall.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989. He played for FC Rubin Kazan and played for FC Spartak Moscow. He is 185 cm tall.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and played for FC Zestafoni before joining FC Karpaty Lviv. He is 178.0 centimetres tall.
Alex Plante was born on May 09, 1989 in Canada. He played for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in Canada in 1989. He played for Anyang Halla.
O Canada is the anthem of Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and the language is Inuktut.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and the anthem is O Canada. Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada.
Elizabeth II and Aaron Boogaard were born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada and the language is Slavey.
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny who play in Grozny. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodars.
Aleksandr Chumakov is the chairman of FC Torpedo Moscow, which played in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15. The club's manager is Valery Petrakov and their manager is Aleksandr Tukmanov.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Houston Texans who played for the Atlanta Falcons.
The Uruguayan Primera Division is the league of Uruguay. Abel Hernandez is a player for Hull City AFC and Steve Bruce is the manager of the club.
The VK8 that was launched on December 31, 1994 has an orbital period of 788850000 km and an apogee of 6603633 km.
The escape velocity is 0.0991 km/s and the orbital period is 360.29 days.
The mean temperature is 265.0°C and the apoapis is 254989569.60815. The orbital period is 360 days.
1000 Piazzia, which was launched on July 27, 2015, has an orbital period of 488160 km and an escape velocity of 0.02252 km/s.
Sergey Belyavsky, the discoverer of 1001 Gaussia, was born on July 27, 1923 in the city of Novosibirsk.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade who was born in Germany and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Allan Sandage as his doctoral student.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade who was born in Preussisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Göttingen. Halton Arp was the doctoral student of Walter Baade.
Walter Baade was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen and died in West Germany. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died at the University of Michigan. He was the discoverer of 103era.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, was the discoverer of 103 Hera. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera was discovered in Madison, Wisconsin by James Craig Watson who was born in Canada and died in Madison.
N.R.Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
N.R.Pogson was born in Nottingham on March 1st, 1901. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla and died in Chennai on March 2nd, 2001.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA, was launched on 26 November 2005 at a period of 1202 days and an orbital period of 2887490000.0 days.
1089 Tama, which was launched on 26 November 2005, has an escape velocity of 0.068 km/s and an orbital period of 1202.896 days.
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 Kilograms and an orbital period of 1355890000.0. It was launched on June 31st, 2006.
109 Felicitas, with an orbital period of 139705000, has an escape velocity of 0.073 Kilometre per second and an apoapsis of 2833260000.0.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and an apoapsis of 4161360000.0.
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 km/s and an orbital period of 1833090000.0.
1101 Clematis, which was formerly known as 1928 SJ, has an orbital period of 183399000.0 and an apoapsis of 4458950000.0.
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 km/s and an orbital period of 1833090000.0.
1955 Dodge has a V8 engine with a 3 speed automatic transmission and a wheelbase of 120.0 inches.
Chrysler Newport is the successor to the DeSoto Custom which was manufactured by DeSoto(automobile).
Costa Cociere is the owner of AIDA Cruises which is located in Rostock and is run by Meyer Werft and AIDA Astella.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDA Astella, which is designed by Meyer Werft and built by Costa Crociere. It is 253260 metres long.
American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3, which has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission. It was built from May 1950 to August 1956.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 is American Locomotive Company and it was built in May 1950 and built in August 1956. The engine is V12 and the length is 17068 millimetres.
The ALCO RS-3, built by American Locomotive Company, is 17068m long and is located in Schenecty, New York in the United States.
Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 from May 1950 to August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a Diesel-electric transmission.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 is Montreal Locomotive Works. It was built from May 1950 to August 1956 and has a 12 cylinder engine.
AMC Matador is a station wagon that is made in Mexico City and has an AMC V8 engine.
AMC Matador is a mid-size car with an AMC straight-6 engine and AMC Matador's alternative name is VAM Classic.
The Acura TLX is a mid-size car with a front-wheel drive layout and an engine from the Honda K engine.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle with a V6 engine and a front-engine layout. It was designed by Marysville Auto Plant.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is currently in service at Finland's Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. His shipBeam is 21.2.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is a builder from Finland where the leader is Juha Sipilä and the demonym is Finns.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is currently in service at Helsinki Shipyard. He was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 21.2 metres long.
Alfa Romeo 164 is based in Italy and has a straight-four engine and a Saab 9000 engine.
Alfa Romeo 164 is based in Italy and has a V6 engine and a Saab 9000 engine.
Alhambra is a sunken ship that was launched on May 31, 1955 and has a length of 63800 m.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry and is based on the Petrol engine. The successor company is Rover Company.
Alvis Speed 25 was produced by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry. It has a straight-six engine and is successor to the Rover Company.
Roy Chapman, Jr. is the key person of AMC Matador, which is the successor to American Motors, which was founded by Roy D. Chapman.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat in 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25 January 1969 with a top speed of 8.334 and a length of 45,000.0 metres.
Antares (rocket) was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport on the 28th of April, 2014.
Antares(rocket) was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on April 21st, 2013. It completed its maiden flight on September 18th, 2013.
Aston Martin V8 is a successor to Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured in the United Kingdom. The capital city of the United Kingdom is London.
Aston Martin V8 is based in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litre V8 engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin RHAM/1 engines.
The Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS. It has a 5.3 litre engine and was produced by Aston Martin.
Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station on May 5, 2002. Atlas II has a diameter of 3.04m.
The Audi A1 is a supermini with a 1.2 litre engine and a front-engine, front-wheel drive layout.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is a subsidiary of Ducati. It manufactures the Audi A1.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Illinois and is the owner of AIDA Cruises. Caterpillar Inc was founded in California and is a power type cruise ship.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by AIDA Cruise.
Antares (rocket) is similar to Delta II which is launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States.
Antares (rocket) is comparable to Delta II which was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States.
Fiat Croma is related to Opel Vectra and Alfa Romeo 164, both of which are manufactured in Italy. Fiat Croma's body style is a sedan.
Fiat Croma is related to Opel Vectra and Alfa Romeo 164. Fiat Croma has an assembly in Milan and a sedan style body style.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the parent company of General Dynamics. It is located in Groton, Connecticut and is the builder of the American submarine NR-1.
Neptun Werft is the builder of A Rosa Luna which is located in Rostock, Germany. The country's leader is Stanislaw Tillich.
Atlas II originates from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the language is English. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Atlas II originates from the United States where the demonym is Americans and the capital is Washington D.C. and the ethnic group is African Americans.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Ska Punk genre and is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation. He is also a member of Suburban Legends.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer in the Psychedelia genre. He was born in Indianapolis.
Aaron Turner is a singer associated with Isis (band) and Sumac (band). He is a member of the electroacoustic music genre.
Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician who has been active since 1995. He is associated with the band Old Man Gloom.
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player associated with Sumac (band). He is also a member of the Black Metal genre.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden on July 23, 1982, is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder, born in Stockholm in 1982, is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden in 1982, is a solo singer.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Washington, D.C. and is a non-performing personnel musician. He was originally from the United States.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and rock and roll originated.
Albennie Jones was born in 1950 and has been active in the genre of Rhythm and Blues since then.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and Jazz is a genre.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in Belgrade in 1972, is a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She has been a solo singer since then.
Alex Day is a member of the Chameleon Circuit (band) and has been active since 2006. He is an acoustic musician.
Alex Day was a member of the Chameleon Circuit (band) and played electronic music. He was active in 2006.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in 1872 and died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez (politician) is the leader.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and is a solo singer. He has a RCA record label and a background in Candombe.
Alison O'Donnell has been active in folk music since 1963 and is associated with Bajik and Flibbet.
Alison O'Donnell has been active in Folk music since 1963. She is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician from London. Her record label, Deram Records, is located in London.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician from London. Her record label, Deram Records, is located in London.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer born in Fort Campbell in 1981.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY in 1981 and is a solo singer.
Andrew White (musician) is a member of the band Marry Banilow and is associated with the genre of Alternative rock. He is also associated with the Nu metal genre.
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He is a rock musician.
Anders Osborne's record label, Shanachie Records, is located in Chicago and has a Blues genre.
Andra (born in Romania) is a solo singer. She is a dance-pop singer.
Andra (singer) is from the genre of Rhythm and Blues which is a derivative of Funk and Disco.
Andrew Rayel has been active in Trance music since 2009 and is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the associated band Jwaydan Moyine and the associated musical artist is Christian Burns. Trance music is a genre of House music.
Andrew White (musician) has been active in the Alternative Rock genre since 2003. He is associated with the Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow.
Andrew White (musician) was a member of the associated band, Marry Banilow, and the record label Universal Records. He was active in 2003.
Agustin Barboza died in Paraguay where Juan Afara is the leader.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band, which is associated with The Wildweeds. He also plays the banjo.
Hip hop music originates from the disco genre and is a derivative of drum and bass. Allen Forrest is a hip hop musician.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and served as leader of the Labour Party in Greater Manchester.
Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician associated with House of Low Culture and Twilight.
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player and a member of the Black Metal genre. He is associated with the Twilight band.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States and grew up in the blues genre. He is a rhythm and blues artist.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded a Purple Heart.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded a Purple Heart.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands. He attended Erasmus University Rotterdam, which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs. He was employed at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Netherlands).
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri Malaysia and resides in Kuching, Asajaya.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and is a party member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputeria Bersatu. He resides in Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor to Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo. He is a member of the Barisan Raayat Jatin Sarawak party.
Adenan Satem is the successor to Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo and is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputeria Bersatu.
Atiku Abubakar is the successor to Mike Akhigbe who served as Vice President and was the military branch of the Nigerian Army.
The Nigerian Air Force is a branch of the Nigerian Air Force. Mike Akhigbe and Al Amin Daggash are successors to Abdulsalam Abubakar.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) and is the successor to Juan Carlos I of Spain who was the predecessor to Francisco Franco.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and was a Minister of Transport.
Casey Ribicoff and Abraham A. Ribicoff were born in New Britain, Connecticut, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway, born in Kent on May 5th, 2005, fought in the Gulf War.
Adam Koc is a Polish national who fought in the Polish–Soviet War. Joseph Stalin is the commander of Poland.
Joseph Stalin is the commander of the Polish–Soviet War which is part of the Russian Civil War. Adam Koc died in New York City.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was a Vice President of New Democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Makis Voridis is the successor to Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Athens and worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece).
Makis Voridis is the successor to Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Athens. He is a member of the Greek Parliament.
Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. The country's currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. Her office is House of Representatives (Netherlands). Her party is the Socialist Party.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Socialist Party (Netherlands), which is led by Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant is a Dutch national.
Emile Roemer is the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who belongs to the Socialist Party.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London on July 30, 1953. He fought in the Battle of France and retired on March 30, 1979.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, fought in the Battle of France from 1974 to 1979.
Airey Neave was a member of the Royal Artillery. He fought in World War II and was commander of the Hohne garrison.
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg West Virginia. William M O Dawson was the successor to Albert B White.
William M. O. Dawson was the successor to Albert B White who was born in Cleveland on 03/04/1905.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and served in the American Civil War. He fought in battles in which Abraham Lincoln was commander.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and fought in the American Civil War. He died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain, born in Staten Island, New York, died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, leader is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta and party is Justicialist Party.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza Argentina. He was a Rear Admiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville North Carolina and served as Governor of North Carolina. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and was succeeded by Daniel Gould Fowle.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut. He served in the United States Army, where he was a member of the House of Representatives. He is now an MP.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States) and served in the House of Representatives. He was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. He served as mayor of Stamford, Connecticut and was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin Texas and served as Governor of Texas. He was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Governor of Texas, Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr. is the successor to Allan Shivers who was born in Lufkin Texas.
Alvah Sabin is the Secretary of State of Vermont's 3rd Congressional District. He is located in Burlington, Vermont. The largest city in Vermont is Burlington.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster. Burlington is the largest city in Vermont.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart at the Battle of Gettysburg. Robert E. Lee was the commander of the American Civil War.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina who speaks Spanish.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza Argentina and served as a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Costa Cociere is the parent company of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Carnival Corporation & Plc is the operator of AIDA Cruises which was built by Meyer Werft and is located in Germany.
Meyer Werft and AIDA Cruises are the operators of AID Astella. The ship is 32.2m long and has a top speed of 38892.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 is American Locomotive Company. It was built in May 1950 and was completed in August 1956. The engine is a Four-stroke engine.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 is American Locomotive Company and it was built in May 1950 and built in August 1956. The engine is V12 and the cylinder count is 12.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the anthem is The Star Spangled Banner. The country origin is from the United States.
AMC Matador is a mid-size car with an AMC V8 engine and is a station wagon.
Alhambra, built by Samuda Brothers, is located in London and has a beam of 8.3m and a power of Humphrys,Tennant and Dykes.
AMC Matador is a subsidiary of American Motors. It was founded by Roy D Chapman Jr. and is owned by AMC Matador. The American Motor Company is the successor to Chrysler.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25 January 1969 with a top speed of 8.334 and a ship draft of 4.6m.
The launch site for the Antares rocket is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the United States. The rocket is similar to the Delta II and the associated rocket is the Minotaur IV.
Antares(rocket) was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on July 13, 2014 and completed its maiden flight on October 28, 2014. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres.
Antares(rocket) was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on the 28th of October 2014. The rocket has a diameter of 3.9 metres and a maiden flight took place in 2014.
Ariane 5 was launched from Guiana Space Centre on 08/11/2009 and completed its maiden flight on 12/18/2009. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres and was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
Guiana Space Centre is located in Couronnes. It is the location of the French Guiana space centre and the launch site of the Ariane 5.
Aston Martin V8 is related to Aston Martin DBS. It is a successor to Aston Martin Vantage and has a 5.3 litre V8 engine.
Aston Martin V8 is related to Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin RHAM/1. The engine is 5.3 litres and the body style is coupe.
Aston Martin V8 is the successor to Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured in the United Kingdom by Aston Martin. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The Audi A1 is a hatchback with a 1.2 litre engine and a front-engine, front-wheel drive layout. It is classed as a Supermini.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is a subsidiary of Ducati and Lamborghini. They manufacture the Audi A1.
Caterpillar Inc. is the owner of AIDA Cruises which is based in Peoria, Illinois in the United States. The Caterpillar Inc foundation is located in California.
Caterpillar Inc. is the owner of AIDA Cruises, which is located in Rostock, United States. Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person at Caterpillar Inc., which is based in the United States.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the United States by Douglas R Oberhelman and is located in Peoria, Illinois. Caterpillar Inc has Caterpillar Inc as its keyperson and AIDA Cruises as its owner.
AIDA Cruises is the parent company of Carnival Corporation & Plc. They are the builder of AID Astella which was built by Meyer Werft and is located in Genoa.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) and Arctech Helsinki Shipyard are the builders of Finland where the demonym is Finns and the language is Sami.
Neptun Werft is located in Rostock, Germany. The country's leader is Joachim Gauck and its capital city is Berlin.
Neptun Werft is the builder of A Rosa Luna which is located in Rostock, Germany. The capital city is Berlin.
Atlas II originates from the United States where the demonym is Americans and the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Central Español, who play in the Uruguayan Segunda Division. Abel Hernandez, who plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia where the leader is Valentina Matviyenko and the club is known as FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of the club is Valery Petrakov and they play in the Soviet Union national football team.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv who play in the Parc Olympique Lyonnais ground. Oleh Luzhny is the chairman and Jean Michel Aulas is the manager.
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender who plays for U.C. Sampdoria. He plays for A.C. Milan who play in the Serie A league.
Alessio Romagnoli is currently playing for A.C. Milan. He is a member of the U.C. Sampdoria national under-17 football team and the chairman of the club is Silvio Berlusconi.
U.S.Città di Palermo's manager, Giuseppe Iachini, is the manager of Central Español, who play in the Uruguayan Segunda Division.
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow who play in the Otkrytis Arena. They play at the ground known as Aleksandr Prudnikov's club FC Amkar Perm and the manager is Gadzhi Gadzhiyeva.
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow. The ground is Grozny and the manager is Rashid Rakhimov. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow, FC Dynamo Moscow, FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Terek Grozny.
Aleksandr Chumakov, born in the Soviet Union, played for FC Torpedo Moscow in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15. He played for the Soviet Union national football team.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. club. He plays for the Palo Seco ground and is the manager of the club. The ground is located in Palo Seco and the chairman is Gabor Kubatov.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. He plays for the Palo Seco Velodrome ground and is the manager of the club which has a ground at Palo Seco.
The VK8 has a mass of 5.6 Kilograms and an orbital period of 878885000.0. It has a periapis of 660363300.0 Kilometres.
James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin on August 15, 1868. He was born in Michigan and was a citizen of Canada. He was the discoverer of 101 Helena.
James Craig Watson was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 101 Helena.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade who was born in Germany in the German Empire. He graduated from the University of Götingen with Allan Sandage as his doctoral student.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade who was born in Germany and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Allan Sandage as his doctoral student.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade who was born in Germany and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Allan Sandage as his doctoral student.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison on September 07, 1868. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was born in Canada and was a student at the University of Michigan. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
107 Camilla was discovered by B. Zellner on December 31st, 2006. It has an orbital period of 2368 days and a period of 560937 days.
107 Camilla, which was discovered by C. Woods on December 31st, 2006, has an orbital period of 2368 days and a period of 560937.0 kilometres.
107 Camilla was discovered by F.Vilas on December 31st, 2006. It has an orbital period of 2368 days and a period of 560937 days.
N.R.Pogson, born in Nottingham, England, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla, which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
1089 Tama, which was formerly known as A919 HA, was launched on 26 November 2005 at a speed of 0.068 km/s and has an escape velocity of 373513,000.0 km/s.
1101 Clematis has a mass of 5.7 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0.02 kilometres per second. It was launched on the 31st of December 2006 and has an orbital period of 183399000.0.
The 11264 Claudiomacone, which was launched on 26 November 2005, has an orbital period of 1513.736 days and an apoapis of 47542600.0 km and a temperature of 173.0 °C.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia on May 21, 1936. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bersatu party and resides in Kuching, Asajaya.
Adenan Satem is the successor to Abdul Taib Mahmud, who was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bamiputera Bersatu and attended the University of Adelaide.
Mike Akhigbe is the successor to Atiku Abubakar who served as Vice President from 1999 to 2005. He was a member of the Nigerian Navy and participated in the Nigerian Navy's military branch.
Olusegun Obasanjo and Mike Akhigbe are the successors to Abdulsalam Abubakar who was in office while Vice President and active years end date is 1999 -05-29.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and served as Governor of Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States). He died in the United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff, born in Connecticut, died in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York. Casey Ribicoff is his spouse. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent on May 5, 2005. He served as a member of Parliament for Gravesham and was a member of the Grenadier Guards. He was an active member of the Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Faverham, Kent on May 5th, 2005. He served in the Conservative Party (UK) from 2005 to 2005 and was a member of the Grenadier Guards.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He is the successor to Makis Voridis and Antonis Samaras.
Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands), leader of which is Mark Rutte. Agnes Kant is an office worker at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.
Agnes Kant was born in Doesburg, Netherlands. She was a member of the House of Representatives (Netherlands), which is led by Mark Rutte and Khadija Arib.
Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who lives in Doesburg. She is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands), which is led by Emile Roemer.
Albert B White was born in Parkersburg on the 22nd of September, 1856. He died on the 3rd of July, 1941.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland and died in Parkersburg West Virginia. Albert B White was born in Cleveland and succeeded William M.O.Dawson.
Albert B White was born in Cleveland, West Virginia on April 3, 1905. He served as Governor of West Virginia from 1905 to 1903 and was married to Agnes Ward White.
William M. O. Dawson was the successor to Albert B White who was born in Cleveland on 03/04/1905. He served in the Republican Party (United States).
Juan Perón and Eva Perón died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader of the Labour Party (Argentina).
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza Argentina on May 20th, 1890. He was a Rear Admiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (Austria) and died in Styria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alfons Gorbach, born in Tyrol, Austria, died in Graz. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore Illinois on 03/03/57. He served in the 3rd Congressional District of Vermont and died in Burlington, Vermont.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He was born in Sycamore Illinois and died in Burlington, Vermont.
Alfred Moore Scales is from the United States and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg. He served as a commander in the American Civil War. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alfred Moore Scales is from the United States and fought in the American Civil War. He was a commander in the Siege of Petersburg and the Siege of Petersburg is part of military conflict. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Juan Perón is the spouse of Eva Perón who is a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina who speaks Spanish.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Ska Punk genre. He is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and is also a member of Suburban Legends.
Aaron Deer was born in the United States and is a solo singer. He is affiliated with the Wee Giant and is a member of the Indie rock genre.
Aaron Turner was born in the United States in 1995 and has been active since 1995. He is a member of the Black Metal band Lotus Eaters.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts in 1995 and has been active in the Sludge metal genre since 1995.
Magik (rapper) and Kaliber44 were born in Katowice on 12 November 1978.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden on July 23, 1982, is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder, born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982, is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop artist from the hip hop genre. He is influenced by funk, disco and drum and bass.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and has been influenced by both hip hop and disco music. He is known for his style of hip hop, which is based on drum and bass.
Al Anderson was born in Windsor, Connecticut in 1966. He is a member of the NRBQ band, which is associated with The Wildweeds.
Al Anderson is a member of the NRBQ band. He plays guitar and is associated with the rock music genre. He is also a musician in the Bhangra genre.
Alan Frew is a solo singer born in Coatbridge, Ontario. He was born in Newmarket, Ontario.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. Her genre is pop music and her genre is disco.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer who has been active since 1990. She is associated with K2 (Kovač-sisters-duo) and has a background of "solo singer".
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in the United Kingdom in 1872. He was a United Kingdom citizen. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in Manchester, died in Sidcup, London. Boris Johnson is the leader of London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, leader of the Labour Party (UK) and leader of the European Parliament. He died in Sidcup.
Alison O'Donnell is an Irish folk musician who has been active since 1963. She is associated with Mellow Candle and Floating World Records.
Deram Records is located in London and has Alison O'Donnell on the record label Deram Records. Deram Records has a derivative of jazz called Funk.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who is influenced by folk music and Afrobeat. Her instrument is the Autoharp and her genre is Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician from the Afrobeat genre. Her voice is bodhrán and her percussion is autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan Alabama in 1981. He is a solo singer and has a background in acoustic music.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who has been associated with Billy Iuso and voiced by the Wetlands All Stars. He has been active in rock music since 1989.
Anders Osborne is a Blues musician who has been active since 1989. He is associated with Galactic and Billy Iuso.
In 1986, Andra (singer) was born in Caimpia Turzii. She was a solo singer and a Reality television judge.
Andra (singer) was born in Romania in 1986 and is a solo singer. She is a singer in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the associated band of Armin van Buuren and Bobina. He is associated with the genre of Trance music. He is also associated with the style of Pop music.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova and has been active in Trance music since 2009. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin Van Buuren.
Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina are the associated bands for Andrew Rayel. Andrew Rayel was born in Chisinau, Moldova in 2009.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine, Christian Burns and John Digweed. He is also a member of the associated band/associated musical artist, Jwaydan Moyine.
Andrew White (musician) has been active since 2003. He is associated with Kaiser Chiefs, Marry Banilow and B-Unique Records.
Hip hop music originates from Fort Campbell. Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell and is a hip hop musician.
Hip hop music originates from the disco genre. Hip hop is a derivative of drum and bass. Allen Forrest was born in 1981.
Parliament of the United Kingdom is led by the Labour Party (UK). Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asunción and died in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and the language is Spanish.
Andrew White (musician) has released a record label called Polydor Records in London. The record label is B-Unique Records. Nu metal is a genre of Alternative rock.
Polydor Records is located in London, UK. The record label is Polydor Records and the Alternative rock genre is Nu metal. Andrew White (musician) has a record label Universal Records.
Bhangra (music) is a genre of rock music. It originates from the country of Bhangra and is influenced by country music. The guitar is one of the instruments used in rock music.
Rock music originates from the country music genre of Blues. It is also known as rock music and is influenced by Bhangra (music) and rock fusion.
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player associated with the Black Metal genre. He is also associated with Old Man Gloom and is a member of the band Twilight.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martínez speak Spanish.
