Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway name of Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
The ICAO Location Identifier for Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
The runway length of Al-Taqaddum Air Base is 3684.0.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
The runway length of Allama Iqbal International Airport is 3360.12.
The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
Andrews County Airport has a runway length of 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
The runway length of Appleton International Airport is 2439.0.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier for Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13/31.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
The demonym of Denmark is Danes.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is the language spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the region of New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force fought in the 1986 bombing of Libya.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft for the United States Air Force.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has to its southeast Carroll County, Maryland.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The architectural style of 250 Delaware Avenue is Postmodern.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler.
320 South Boston Building was started in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
The architect of Adare Manor was James Pain and George Richard Pain.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B. Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa's address is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House has the reference number 88002539 in the National Register of Historic Places.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan.
The architecture of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was constructed in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome.
The demonym of India is Indian people.
Julia Morgan's significant building is Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
White South African is an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was published in print.
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom.
A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in English.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil was published in print.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920.
The LCCN number of Addiction (journal) is 93645978.
Addiction (journal) is an academic discipline.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics is an academic discipline.
The novel Castle is written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
MacmillanPublishers is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
John Cowper Powys worked at A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
A.C. Chievo Verona's manager is Rolando Maran.
A.D. Isidro Metapán play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
AEK Athens FC's ground is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014-15 Football League in Greece.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault's full name is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault".
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea FC.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer plays for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is in the Umbria region.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stoger plays for 1. FC Koln.
Rolando Maran played for F.C. Bari 1908.
Jong Ajax is the tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
Kerala has to its northwest Mahé, India.
Mendrisio is located in the neighboring municipality of Meride.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
Thomas Pallesen is the dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
Alan Bean is from the United States.
The backup pilot for Apollo 8 was Buzz Aldrin.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. in 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone in California.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman was broadcast by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Jon Valor is an alternative name for the Black Pirate.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is from the United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
The area code for Albany, Georgia is 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the Mayor.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is New Mexico House of Representatives.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is 324.0 above sea level.
The area code for Antioch, California is 925.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas.
Spanish is the language spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is located in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
Portland is the largest city in Oregon.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arros negre.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region.
Arros negre is from the Valencian Community.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in BLT.
Baked Alaska comes from Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding can be served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian dish.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa Region.
Barny cakes have a serving size of 30.0 g.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor's main ingredients are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Indonesia.
The alternative name of Bhajji is Bhaji, bajji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Bionico is a variation of cottage cheese.
Bionico is from the Jalisco region.
Chicken is a class of bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
Indonesian is the language spoken in Indonesia.
The leader of Jalisco is Aristóteles Sandoval.
The Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Malaysian Malays are an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is the language spoken in New York.
Shumai is a food found in China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield which is the nearest city to Frederick, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is "Türk Şehitleri Anıtı" and it is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Akron, Ohio is located.
Salem, Oregon is part of Oregon where the capital is Salem.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Texas, United States.
Anaheim, California is part of California which is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, California in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Antioch, California is 13.0 above sea level and has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres.
Arlington, Texas has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres and an elevation of 184.0 above sea level.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas, United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Amarillo, Texas is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
African Americans are an ethnic group in Albuquerque, New Mexico in the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albany is located.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Auburn, Alabama is located.
English is the language of the United States, where Akron, Ohio is located.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the President of the United States.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the Italian language is spoken.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is a leader.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arros negre comes from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and is also known as a club sandwich.
The main ingredients of the Bacon Explosion are bacon and sausage.
The alternative name of a bacon sandwich is "Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin".
Bread is an ingredient in a bacon sandwich which is also known as a BLT.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Manuel Valls.
Meringue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding and contains fruit preserves.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Celery is an ingredient in Bakso and is a member of the Apiaceae family.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from Colombia.
Barny cakes come from France where Claude Bartolone is a leader.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor which comes from Indonesia.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor which is a variation of Siomay.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is a leader.
The main ingredients of beef kway teow are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji comes from India where the Indian people are known as the Indian people.
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T.S. Thakur.
Binignit comes from the Philippines where Igorot people are an ethnic group.
The main ingredients of Binignit are banana and it comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato and banana.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico where Bionico comes from.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region.
Bionico is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai which includes Shiitake.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is 610 metres above sea level and is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae which belongs to the Monocotyledon class.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt and has a length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 3800 metres.
The 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt and is -3.3528 metres above sea level.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda and has a runway length of 3800.0.
The 3rd runway at Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) is made of Poaceae and has a length of 597.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is headquartered in Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway named 4/22.
Atlantic City International Airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the Regionalliga in 2014-15.
A.C. Chievo Verona's ground is in Verona, Italy and they have 39371 members.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 A EPSTH, Greece.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Blackburn Rovers F.C.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Irlam Town F.C.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and their ground is in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members and their ground is in Gubbio.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's ground is in Livorno and they play in the Serie B league.
A.S. Livorno Calcio's manager is Christian Panucci who plays for A.S Roma.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Juventus FC.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and its full name is ACF Fioresntina S.p.A.
AEK Athens FC has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague Greece and their ground is the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by Jong Ajax.
AZAL PFK's ground is at the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is in Gubbio, Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of A.S. Roma and plays for Empoli F.C.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and was preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Virginia DeMarce and is available in E-book.
AIP Advances, abbreviated to AIP Adv., has the EISSN number 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J. V. Jones and was published in print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has672 pages and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Glastonbury Romance, written by John Cowper Powys, was followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way is available in print & paperback and has the OCLC number 57392246.
A Long Long Way is 292 pages long and has the ISBN number 0-670-03380-4.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press whose parent company is Penguin Random House.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, is available in print.
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp was written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp was published in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is published by Springer Science+Business Media which was founded by Julius Springer.
The ISBN number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the OCLC number 78771100 and the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was followed by Alcatraz versus the Scrivener's Bones which was written by Brandon Sanderson.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math, has the academic discipline of Mathematics.
The American Journal of Mathematics was published by Johns Hopkins University Press which is the parent company of Johns Hopkins University.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 1918 University in Alba is Uab.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi.
April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird, who is from the United States.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC.
Bananaman, starring Graeme Garden, was broadcast by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire and starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which starred Scott Adsit.
Baymax was created by Steven T. Seagle and starred in the film Big Hero 6.
The full name of Ben Urich is Benjamin Urich and he was created by comic book writer Roger McKenzie.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is Bo Bibbowski and he was created by Marv Wolfman.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard, who was a test pilot, is deceased.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, which is part of Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962 and is now retired.
108 St. Georges Terrace has 50 floors and was completed in 1988.
200 Public Square is located in the United States and has 45 floors.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres and has 34 floors.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler who was born in the United States.
HOK SVE was the architect of 3Arena, which is located on the East Link Bridge.
The architect of 3Arena, which is located in Dublin, is Populous.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Copenhagen.
George Richard Pain was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abba, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and was designed by Tudor Revival architecture.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and has the Tudor Revival architectural style.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan where Brazilians are an ethnic group.
The Akita Museum of Art is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori and has 3 floors.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat and its address is Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where the leader is Austin Fernando.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City which is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick which is part of Munster.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin which is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean is a US national who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin is a US national who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963 and graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He is a U.S. national.
Elliot See graduated from the University of Texas at Austin in 1962. He was selected by NASA in 1962 and died in St. Louis.
Elliot See was a student at the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis where Francis G Slay is the leader.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966 in St. Louis, which is part of the Kingdom of France.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and has 448 pages.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written in English, was preceded by 1634: Galileo Affair.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery, led by Alexander L. Wolf and New York City.
The academic discipline of AIDS (journal) is HIV/AIDS and the ISSN number is 0269-9370.
The academic discipline of AIDS (journal) is HIV/AIDS and the ISSN number is 1473-5571.
The editor of AIP Advances is A.T. Charlie Johnson who resides in the United States and graduated from Stanford University.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written in English, is published by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp has 388 pages and has the OCLC number 8805735.
Abhandlungen aus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg. The ISSN number is 1865-8784 and the LCCN number is 32024459.
Aenir, written in English, was followed by Above the Veil.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix and followed by Above the Veil, was written in English.
Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, has 248 pages and is available in hardcover.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is abbreviated to Acta Palaeaontol. Pol. It has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and LCCN number 60040714.
The Addiction journal, abbreviated to Addiction, has the ISSN number 1360-0443.
John Wiley & Sons is the parent company of Wiley-Blackwell which publishes the Addiction journal which has the ISSN number 0965-2140.
Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in New York, which is affiliated with the Association of American Universities.
Aenir, written in English, was followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is available in hardcover and has 320 pages. The OCLC number is 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken.
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
The Administrative Science Quarterly was founded by Sara Miller McCune and is published by SAGE Publications. The ISSN number is "0001-8392".
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars, written in English, is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is known as the President and African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is called the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for 1 FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schöneiche.
Massimo Drago is the manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925 and A.S D. S. S. Nola 1926.
The full name of A.C. Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzanes SpA. They play in the Lega Pro/A league and have 4150 members.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for Alianza F.C. and El Salvador national football team.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and its ground is in Efxe inoupoli.
The full name of A.F.C. Blackpool is "Association Football Club Blackpool", they have 1500 members and their ground is in Blackpool.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Chesterfield FC Halton and Runcorn F.C. Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Fylde is Dave Challinor who plays for Stockport County F.C. and Colwyn Bay FC.
A.S. Livorno Calcio has 19238 members and its ground is in Livorno, Italy. The full name of the club is Livorno Calpio S.p.A.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio, who play in the Serie B league, where Carpi F.C. 1909 are champions.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea FC and Real Madrid C.F.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos F.C. are champions.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam-Centrum, where the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam-Noord where the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is located.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom who plays for Jong Ajax and İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. Their ground is the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of A.S. Roma and plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C.
Massimo Drago is the manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S. Chieti Calcio and A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago is the manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Massimo Drago, who plays for the U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio, plays for A.C. Cesena.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio which is led by Frank G Jackson.
250 Delaware Avenue in the United States has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, DuPage County, Illinois. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
The architect of the 320 South Boston Building, which has 22 floors, is George Winkler, who was born in the United States.
HOK SVE designed the 3Arena at North Wall Quay, which was completed in December 2008.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and is located in Denmark.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN.
Adare Manor was designed by Augustus Pugin who was born in Bloomsbury and was the architect of the Palace of Westminster.
Philip Charles Hardwick was the architect of Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and was owned by J.P. McManus.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale and was completed in 1931. Its architectural style is Tudor and Jacabian.
Adisham Hall in Sri Lanka was completed in 1931 and has the architectural style of Tudor and Jacabian.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka, where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
The Mason School of Business in the United States is the current tenants of the Alan B. Miller Hall which was started on 30 March 2007.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan who was born in California and designed Chinatown, San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located at Asilomars Blvd., Pacific Grove, California, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 with the reference number 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths, located at Avenue A (Manhattan), was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths, located in New York City, was constructed in 1904 and added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who lives in Birmingham, the leader of which is the Conservative Party (UK).
103 Colmore Row was designed by architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. The leader of Birmingham is the Liberal Democrats.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where the Addis Ababa City Hall is located.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad and is led by Anandiben Patel.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Bethesda, Maryland. Bill Marriott is the key person of Marriott International.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group there.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the New Mexico Senate and has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Alpharetta, Georgia is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Anaheim, California is located in the area code of 657, 714 and has a UTC offset of -7 and a total area of 131.6 square kilometres.
Anaheim, California is part of California which is led by the California State Senate at the California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas, which is located in Fort Worth, Texas, United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
Atlanta has a population density of 1299.0 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and a total area of 347.1 square kilometres.
Newark, New Jersey is the largest city in Atlantic City, New Jersey, which is part of New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States where the largest city is New York City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington (state) in the United States. The capital of Washington is Washington D.C.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington (state) in the United States where the capital is Olympia.
The capital of Georgia (U.S. state) is Atlanta and the city of Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in Madison County.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken in Texas is English.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English. Akron, Ohio is located in the United States.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Akron, Ohio, which is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The city of Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States where the language is English and the African Americans are an ethnic group.
Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where English is spoken. Angola, Indiana is located in the U.S.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway name of 10R/28L.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves Lake Placid, New York and Saranac Lake, New York. It has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, which is part of the Community of Madrid, Spain.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway length is 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the 1986 bombing of Libya. The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority headquartered in Jinnah International Airport.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway named 18L/36R with a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena Township, Michigan, United States.
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport in Texas is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 896.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, where the capital is Austin and the language is English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the demonym is Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, headquartered at Four World Trade Center.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid which is part of the Community of Madrid which is led by Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain which is lead by Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastián de los Reyes, Spain which is led by the People's Party (Spain).
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carroll County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Carroll County, Maryland to its southeast.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Türk Şehitleri Anıtı and it is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir.
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arrabbiata sauce includes tomato which is a flowering plant and a member of the Solanaceae family.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome, Italy and contains olive oil.
Arrabbiata sauce is from the region of Rome, Italy and contains tomato.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia. Malaysian Chinese are one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia.
Lettuce is an ingredient in BLT which is a variation of a club sandwich and a variation of the bacon sandwich.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is John Roberts.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT and the club sandwich. Bread is an ingredient in the BLT.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Manuel Valls and the currency is the Euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the New York region of the United States.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in baked Alaska which is a dessert.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding comes from the Derbyshire Dales region and has the main ingredients ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Barny cakes come from France where Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls are leaders.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and contains noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Batchoy comes from the Philippines and contains noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. The leader of Singapore is Tony Tan.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia and contains oyster sauce.
Bhajji comes from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Banana is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
Sago is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
Taro is an ingredient in binignit which is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
The main ingredients of binignit are sweet potato, banana and solanales.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert from Mexico.
Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from the Guadalajara region of Mexico.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the peso is the currency.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the language is Arabic and the Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan and the language is English.
Tomato is a member of the Solanaceae family and belongs to the order Solanales. It is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India and has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, which has to its northwest Mahé, India. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where one of the ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania and the anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where one of the ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 and is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman which was broadcast by the BBC and last aired on April 15, 1986.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The distributor of Big Hero 6 is Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6.
Baymax is a character from the series Big Hero 6 which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox, Carmine Infantino and Mark Desmond.
The comic book character Bolt was created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin and is known as Larry Bolatinsky.
The comic book character Bolt was created by Ernie Colón and Gary Cohn and is known as Larry Bolatinsky.
103 Colmore Row, Birmingham, was completed in 1976 and has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, where the capital is Cape Town and one of the ethnic groups is the Asian South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. Cleveland is governed by the Cleveland City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
300 North LaSalle, Illinois, was completed in 2009 and has 60 floors and a floor area of 120770.0 square metres.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster, Republic of Ireland and is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Copenhagen and has 23 floors.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick, which is part of Munster. The County Limerick government is the Limerick City and County Council.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. One of the ethnic groups in Japan is the Filipinos.
The Vietnamese people are an ethnic group in Japan where the Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The College of William and Mary is the owner of Alan B. Miller Hall, 101 Ukrop Way, Williamsburg, Virginia, which was completed on 1 June 2009.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India which is led by Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was constructed in 1913 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located at Avenue A (Manhattan) and was constructed in 1904. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1980-04-23 and has the reference number 80002709.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City where Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader and Brooklyn is part of Manhattan.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New York, United States. The leader of Manhattan is Gale Brewer.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, where Andrew Mitchell is the leader.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham which is lead by the Labour Party (UK).
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India which is lead by Anandiben Patel and Sumitra Mahajan.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India where T S Thakur and Narendra Modi are leaders.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan, where Brazilians are an ethnic group.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the leader is called the President and the language spoken is English. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the capital city is Baku. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial, dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku, is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, which is located in Frederick County, Maryland. The nearest city is Frederick, Maryland.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the Ataturk Monument (İzmir) is made of bronze.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey, was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932. The President of Turkey is the leader of Turkey.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. where English is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code is 505, 575 and the area of land is 486.2 square kilometres.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state of Georgia. Fulton County is part of Atlanta, Georgia.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. African Americans are an ethnic group.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Austin is the capital of Texas.
Anaheim, California is part of California which is led by the California State Assembly which is located at the California State Capitol. Spanish is one of the languages spoken in California.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union and has a population density of 523.9 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and a total area of 107.43 square kilometres.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana, United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California is located in the area code 925 and has a population of 102372 and a UTC offset of -7.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres. The Mayor of Atlantic City is Mayors of Atlantic City,New Jersey.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in Auburn.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in Alabama.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington, which is part of King County, Washington in the United States. Washington is the capital of Washington, D.C.
Auburn, Washington is part of King County, Washington in the United States. Washington is the capital of Washington, D.C.
Houston is the largest city in Austin, Texas, which is part of Hays County, Texas. The county seat is San Marcos, Texas.
Anaheim, California is part of California which is led by the California State Assembly which is located at the California State Capitol. Chinese is one of the languages spoken in California.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state of Georgia. Fulton County is part of Atlanta.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. The capital is Indianapolis.
The largest city in Texas is Houston, which is part of the United States. The language spoken in Texas is English.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. African Americans are an ethnic group.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group. The city of Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico is lead by the New Mexico Senate which is led by John Sánchez. Asian Americans are an ethnic group from the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The city of Albuquerque in the United States is lead by the Mayor of Albuquerque.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where English is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Angolan, Indiana is part of the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. English is the language of the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans.
The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SV Babelsberg 03 and FSV Zwickau.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy and plays for Carrarese Calcio and F.C. Bari 1908.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who was born in Italy and plays for Torino FC and AC Chievo Verona.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members and plays in the AEPSTH 2nd GROUP league.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Stockport County F.C. and is the leader of the Conservative Party in the UK.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Stockport County F.C. and the leader of Blackpool is Gordon Marsden.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde" and their ground is Warton, Fylde, Lancashire. They played in the 2014 season and have 3180 members.
The full name of A.F.C. Fylde is "Association Football Club Fylde", they played in the 2014 season and have 3180 members.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C. and Inter Milan.
AEK Athens FC have 69618 members and play in the Superleague Greece. They played in the 2014 season and have their ground in Greece.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) have their ground at Sportpark De Toekomst which is operated by AFC Ajax N.V. and Jong Ajax.
The full name of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs and they played in the 2014 season. They have 5000 members and their nickname is Joden , Godenzonen.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom who plays for Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league and have their ground in Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. The champions of the league are Vila Nova Futebol Cl
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. They play at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. They play at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca.
Akron Summit Assault's ground is St. Vincent-St. Mary High School in Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Peter Stoger, who plays for SK Vorwärts Steyr and FC Admira Wacker Mödling, is the manager of 1. FC Koln.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas and has a runway length of 2194.0 and a runway name of 17L/35R.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York and is 507 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It has a runway length of 3500.0 and is operated by ENAIRE.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO location identifier is "AGR" and the IATA location identifier is VIAG.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation for Al Asad Airbase which is located in Iraq and has a runway length of 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway name is 09R/27L and it has a length of 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the invasion of Grenada. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is a fighter.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It has a runway length of 2900.0 and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway named 09/27 'Buitenveldertbaan'. It is -3.3528 above sea level and has a length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is -3.3528 above sea level and serves the city of Amsterdam. The runway name is 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan' and the runway length is 2014.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. It is 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 929.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the capital is Austin and the demonym is Tejano.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the capital is Austin and English is spoken.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Luanda Province, Angola. It serves the city of Luanda.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government and is 12 metres above sea level. It has a runway length of 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is headquartered in Turkmenistan and has its hub in Turkmenbashi International Airport.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens. It is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic City, New Jersey, United States. The airport serves Atlantic City, which is led by Don Guardian.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority which is led by Stephen Dilts and is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium, where the German language is spoken. The leader of Belgium is Charles Michel.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the French language is spoken. The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York which is part of Essex County, New York in the United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken. The leader of Iraq is Fuad Masum.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the leader is Haider al-Abadi and the language spoken is Kurdish.
Allama Iqbal International Airport serves the city of Lahore which is led by Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana and is located in Punjab, Pakistan.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae which belongs to the division of flowering plants and belongs to the class Monocotyledon.
Rona Fairhead is the key person of the BBC which is located in Broadcasting House and broadcasts Bananaman.
Jill Shilling starred in Bananaman which was created by Steve Bright and first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983.
Baymax was created by American Duncan Rouleau and starred in the film Big Hero 6.
The comic character, Bolt, was created by Gary Cohn (comics) and Ernie Colón (alternative name Larry Bolatinsky).
1634: The Bavarian Crisis, written by Eric Flint, was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al, has 512 pages and an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0.
The AIDS journal is published by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer and whose leader is Elizabeth II. The country is led by Elizabeth II.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J.V. Jones, has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, has 560 pages and an ISBN number 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica, abbreviated to Acta Math. Hungar, has the LCCN number 83646315, the ISSN number 0236-5294 and the academic discipline of Mathematics.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica, abbreviated to Acta Palaeaontol. Pol., has the LCCN number 60040714 and the ISSN number 0567-7920. It has the academic discipline of Paleobiology.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences and has the ISSN number 1732-2421 and LCCN number 60040714. It is abbreviated to Acta Palaeaontol. Pol.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University, which is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and publishes Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, has 233 pages and the ISBN number 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and is published by Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. The parent company of Johns Hopkins University is Johns Hopkins University.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The book is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and English is spoken. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders, born in British Hong Kong, was a crew member of Apollo 8, which was made up of Frank Borman and William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member on Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot and served as a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. and was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He received 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
William Anders was a fighter pilot who was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is located in Mumbai and offers tennis which is a part of the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. The capital city is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is led by Lars Lokke Rasmussen. The country's government is the Magistrate.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, has 250 academic staff and is led by Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the capital is Bucharest and the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. The anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital city is Bucharest and the leader is Klaus Iohannis.
Amatriciana sauce is from the Lazio region of Italy. The main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and tomato sauce.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Arros negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arros negre is a dish from the Catalonia region of Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers and white rice.
Arròs negre comes from the region of Catalonia, which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia. Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish from the region of Sumatra, Malaysia. The Malaysian Malay are an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia, where the Malays are an ethnic group and the Minangkabau people are one of the ethnic groups.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Ketchup is an ingredient in the bacon sandwich, a variation of which is the BLT which is a variation of the club sandwich.
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is a dessert from the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. Cookie is also a dessert.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which comes from Paris, New York or Hong Kong.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which comes from Hong Kong in the United States or China.
Baked Alaska is from the United States and comes from Hong Kong. The main ingredients are meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding.
Bakewell pudding is a variation of Bakewell tart which comes from the Derbyshire Dales region of Derbyshire and contains fruit preserves.
Bakso is a dish found nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
Kidney beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon are the main ingredients of Bandeja paisa which comes from the Paisa
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region of Colombia. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and
Barny cakes come from France where French is spoken and the leader is Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Shumai. Batagor can also be found in Indonesia.
Batchoy is a dish found in the Philippines and La Paz, Iloilo City. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef and soup.
Beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil
Halimah Yacob is the leader of Singapore where Standard Chinese is spoken. Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. It contains vegetables and is known as Bhaji, bajji.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients are gram flour, vegetables and bajji.
The main ingredients of binignit are sago and sweet potato which belong to the division of flowering plants and belong to the order Solanales.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk and sago.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert from the Jalisco region of Mexico.
Bionico is a dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is a leader and cookie is a dessert.
Bakso is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and Tapioca is an ingredient.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Java, Singapore, where Tony Tan is a leader and Baduy are an ethnic group.
Zamboangans and Ilocano people are ethnic groups in the Philippines where Philippine Spanish is spoken. Batchoy is a dish from the country.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where Arabic is spoken and the Igorot people are an ethnic group. Zamboangans and Igorot people live in the Philippines.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the language is Philippine English and the dessert is Cookie.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dessert that can be found in the Philippines where the language is Philippine English and the dish Binignit is a dessert.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint and was preceded by Grantville Gazette II which was written in English. Grantville Gazette was preceded by The Grantville Gazette.
The Administrative Science Quarterly is published by Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. It is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land grant Universities and the Association of American Universities. Its president is Elizabeth Garrett.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and English is spoken.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. English is spoken in Great Britain and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans and the English language is spoken.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where English is spoken and the capital is Washington D.C. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Above the Veil was followed by Aenir which was preceded by Castle and Into Battle which was followed by The Violet Keystone.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the ethnic group is Asian Americans. The book was written in English which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. English is spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the country.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital city is Washington D.C. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States, where the leader is called the President and English is spoken. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Albany, Georgia is part of the U.S. where the leader is known as the President and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state of Georgia. The largest city in Alpharetta is Atlanta and Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups there.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital city is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital city is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California which is led by California's 11th State Assembly district. The language spoken in Antioch is English.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia and has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. The area code of Atlanta is 404 and the total area is 347.1 square kilometres.
Attica, Indiana is part of the United States and is located in the Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. It has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States. The capital of Alabama is Washington D.C. African Americans are an ethnic group in Alabama.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. It has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre and is part of King County, Washington.
The English language is spoken in Austin, Williamson County, Texas, which is part of Texas. The county seat is Georgetown and the largest city is Round Rock.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas which is located in San Marcos, Texas. The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is English.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas, Hays County is part of San Marcos, Texas and Spanish is one of the languages spoken in Texas.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital is Indianapolis and the language spoken is English Americans.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Arlington, Texas, which is part of Tarrant County, Texas, where Spanish is spoken. The county seat is Fort Worth.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas, which is part of Tarrant county in Texas, United States. Austin is the capital of Texas.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the demonym is Americans. The city of Albany, Oregon in Oregon is part of Oregon.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, where English is spoken. The country is part of Steuben County, Indiana and is the location of Angola, Indiana.
Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the country is the location of Auburn, Alabama which is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, Alabama, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of New Jersey is Trenton and the largest city is Newark.
President Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the language spoken is English. The city of Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States and is part of New Mexico.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where the language is English and the ethnic group is Asian Americans.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Native Americans are an ethnic group. Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States, where the leader is known as the President and African Americans are an ethnic group.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property. It is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which is southeast of Carroll County, Maryland and southwest of Frederick County, Maryland.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the capital city is Baku. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. The capital of Azerbaijan is Baku and the legislature is the National Assembly. The leader of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
Ahmet Davutoğlu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul and the Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It has 700 postgraduate students and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. It has 700 postgraduate students and the president is B.M. Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. The leader of Denmark is the Monarchy of Denmark and Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, India was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, India, where the largest city is Mumbai and the largest river is the Ganges. Kerala is led by Kochi.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Aarhus. It is affiliated with the European University Association which has its headquarters in Brussels.
Baymax was created by the American Duncan Rouleau and Steven T. Seagle and starred in the film Big Hero 6.
The manager of A.C. Lumezzane is Michele Marcolini who plays for F.C. Bari 1908 and Vicenza Calcio. Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC. He is also a member of the Labour Party in the UK.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader and Italian is spoken. The Serie D champions are S.S. Robur Siena.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC. The club's ground is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) which is located in Marousi.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital city is Rome. Italian is the language spoken in Italy.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the official language is Italian and the capital city is Rome. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Arem-arem is a dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and the currency is the Indonesian rupiah. The dish is found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The Malaysian Chinese are an ethnic group in Malaysia and the capital city is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The country's capital is Kuala Lumpur and one of its ethnic groups is the Malaysian Indian.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia, where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and one of the ethnic groups are the Malaysian Malay and the Malaysian Indian.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The leader of Malaysia is Abu Zahar Ujang and one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia is the Malaysian Indian.
Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
The Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where White Americans are an ethnic group and Paul Ryan is the leader. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
The main ingredients of a bacon sandwich are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce. It is also known as a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region of France where Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher are leaders. French is spoken in France.
Lemon is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is a dish from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. It belongs to the Rosids family and belongs to the order of Rosids.
Barny cakes come from France where French is spoken and the leader is Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande. Barny cakes can be found in France.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Shumai. Batagor can be found in Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader and peanut sauce is an ingredient.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Shumai. Batagor can be found in Indonesia where Joko Widodo is a leader and Shiitake is an ingredient.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai and Siomay. Batagor can be found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and Shiitake is an ingredient.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour, vegetables and bajji.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India which is led by T S Thakur and Vajubhai Vala.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India where T S Thakur is a leader and Sumitra Mahajan is a leader.
Bionico is a dessert from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the Spanish language is spoken and Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader. It is a variation of honey and can be served as a dessert.
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo. Honey is a variation of the dish.
Arros negre is from the Catalonia region of Spain, where Carles Puigdemont and Felipe VI are leaders. Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy where the capital is Rome and the language is Italian. Amatriciana sauce can be found there.
Ayam penyet is a dish from the region of Java, Malaysia and Singapore. It includes fried chicken as one of the main ingredients. The Javanese people are one of the ethnic groups in Java.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore, where Tony Tan is a leader and English is spoken. The Javanese people are one of the ethnic groups in Singapore.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the language is Arabic and one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans and Chinese Filipinos.
Ajoblanco originates from the Andalusia region of Spain where Susana Diaz is a leader and Spanish is spoken.
Ajoblanco is from the Andalusia region of Spain. The leader of Spain is Felipe VI of Spain and Susana Diaz is the leader of Andalusia.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. He was a member of the crew of Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the NASA operated Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin, who was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930. He served as a crew member on Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He died in California where Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 8. He retired on September 1, 1969.
Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, Denmark which is part of the Central Denmark region. Margrethe II of Denmark is a leader in Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and is 610 metres above sea level. The runway name is 14L/32R.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It is 167.94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1818.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The ICAO location identifier is ORAA and the runway length is 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The ICAO location identifier is ORAA and the runway length is 3992.88.
The United States Air Force is the operating organisation of Al Asad Airbase. They have the Lockheed AC-130 attack aircraft, the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III and the General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon. They fought in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The Lockheed AC-130 is an attack aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a transport aircraft.
Alderney Airport is 88 metres above sea level and serves the city of Alderney. The 1st runway is made of Poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway named 18L/36R with a length of 3310.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and has a runway named 18R/36L with a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena, Michigan, United States and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 2744.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport serves the city of Alpena, Michigan in the United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda. It is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05L/23R with a length of 3800.0.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece which is led by Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis. Greek is the language spoken in Greece.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece which is led by Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos. Greek is spoken in Greece.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The airport serves Atlantic City, New Jersey. The leader of Atlantic City is Don Guardian.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium which is lead by Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States. The ICAO location identifier is KACY.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, New York which is part of Harrietstown, New York in the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Lake Placid, Saranac Lake, Essex County, New York, United States.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh and Bundelkhand. The airport is operated by the Indian Air Force which has the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, part of Bundelkhand and is operated by the Indian Air Force. Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is led by Ram Naik.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq which is led by Haider al-Abadi and Fuad Masum. The language spoken in Iraq is Arabic.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 and is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
250 Delaware Avenue, Buffalo, New York, was built in January, 2014 and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago where the capital city is Springfield.
Marriott International, founded in Washington, D.C., is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark, where Faroese is spoken. Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark.
Bill Marriott is the key person of Marriott International which was founded in Washington, D.C. and is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Denmark. Greenlandic is one of the languages spoken in Denmark.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark, where Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader and Greenlandic language is spoken. Marriott International was founded in Washington, D.C.
Augustus Pugin, born in Bloomsbury, was the architect of Adare Manor in the Republic of Ireland, where the leader is Enda Kenny and the Palace of Westminster is the major building.
Addis Ababa City Hall was started in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000.0 (square metres) and a height of 42 m. It was completed in 1964 and is owned by the Government of Addis Abba.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan and has 3 floors. The address is 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture, Japan. The leader of Japan is Tarō Asō and Chinese people are one of the ethnic groups.
The Mason School of Business is located in the United States and is the current tenant of the Alan B. Miller Hall, which was designed by Robert A.M. Stern and owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India which is led by Sumitra Mahajan and the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Ampara, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader of the Eastern Province is Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka, where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the governing body is the Eastern Provincial Council. The leader of Sri Lanka is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco. She was the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Los Angeles Herald Examiner. She also designed the Hearst Castle and Asilomars State Beach.
Julia Morgan was born in San Francisco. She was the architect of the Asilomar Conference Grounds, the Riverside Art Museum, Hearst Castle and Asilomars State Beach.
Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New Netherland, United States. Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader of New York City.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin, who was born in Birmingham, which is lead by Labour politician John Clancy and the governing body is the Birmingham City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is Barack Obama. The leader of the United States is John Roberts.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property. It is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, which has Franklin County to its west and Cumberland County to its southeast and Frederick County to its north.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial was designed by Hüseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made of red granite and white marble and is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku.
The Red granite and white marble Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorized as a historic district in the United States.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas on March 15, 1932. He was a test pilot who spent 100305.0 minutes in space. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire. He served as a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal by the United States Navy and died in California.
Alan Bean (born Alan LaVern Bean) was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. Alfred Worden was the backup pilot and David Scott was the commander. Alan Bean retired in June 1981.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. and served as a fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a crew member on Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11.
The United States Navy's Distinguished Service Medal is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service medal by the United States Navy and died in California. Smilodon is the fossil of Benitoite.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT in 1962 with a M.S. He served as a fighter pilot and as a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1, 1969.
William Anders, born in British Hong Kong, retired on September 1, 1969. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin was a backup pilot and Frank Borman was a crewmember.
William Anders graduated from AFIT with a M.S. in 1962. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman were part of the crew. William Anders is now retired.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio in Mendrisio, Ticino, Switzerland was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta and its academic staff is 100.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. The president
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the country is led by the Monarchy of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. The dean is Thomas Pallesen and the dean is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala, India. Mumbai is the largest city in India and the Ganges is the largest river in the country. The leader of India is Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania, where the capital is Bucharest and the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. The leader of Romania is Klaus Iohannis and the capital city is Bucharest. The anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te, române
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It has 737 academic staff and 16,000 students. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The bronze Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is located in Izmir, Turkey. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and the capital city is Ankara. The country's currency is the Turkish lira and its largest city is Istanbul.
The Ataturk Monument (İzmir) was designed by Pietro Canonica and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 in Izmir, Turkey. The capital city of Turkey is Ankara and the leader is the President of Turkey. The leader is Ahmet Davutoglu.
The President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoğlu. The capital of Turkey is Ankara and the largest city is Istanbul. The currency is the Turkish lira and the Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in the city of Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students and 100 academic staff. The Federal Chancellor of Switzerland is Mario Botta.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the 'Technical Campus' status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is located in Karnataka, which has Telangana to its northeast and the Arabian Sea to its west.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital city is Bucharest and the country is led by Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and the national anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. The dean is Thomas Pallesen and the academic staff is 737. Denmark's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. It is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. The leader of Denmark is the Monarchy of Denmark and the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928. It is affiliated with the European University Association and has 16000 students. The dean is Thomas Pallesen and the latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin with a B.S. in 1955. He was a test pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957 and was selected by NASA in 1959. He was a test pilot and died in California.
American Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. Alfred Worden was the backup pilot and David Scott was the commander.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. and became a fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a crew member on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11. He spent 52 minutes in space.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. and was a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey on January 20th, 1930. He was selected by NASA in 1963 to serve as a crew member on Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. and served as a crew member on Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17, 1933. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member on Apollo 8. He retired on September 1, 1969.
William Anders, who was born in British Hong Kong, retired on September 1, 1969. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin and the backup pilot was Frank Borman.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 8. Anders retired on September 1st, 1969.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub is in office while Vice President Tuanku Bujang Tuanku Othman.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak party.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was succeeded by Sulaiman Abdul Rahman Taib.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was active in 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State.
Abner W. Sibal was active in 1965-01-03.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway is a resident of Gravesend.
The alma mater of Adenan Satem is the University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
The Prime Minister of Adonis Georgiadis is Antonis Samaras.
The Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping is Adonis Georgiadis.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave was active in 1953-06-30.
Airey Neave won the Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave has a military rank of Lieutenant colonel.
Airey Neave started service in 1935.
Albert B. White is a Republican Party member.
Agnes Ward White is the spouse of Albert B White.
The Union Army is the military branch of the Albert Jennings Fountain.
Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore scales was active in 1875-03-04.
Alfred Moore scales the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N Phillips was the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers was active in 1947-01-21.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army.
Allan Shivers was replaced by Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin was active in 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin is a Whig Party member.
Robert E. Lee was the commander of the American Civil War.
Austrian German is the language spoken in Austria.
Robert E Lee was the commander of Battle of Antietam.
Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
The commander of Gulf War was Colin Powell.
Dwight D. Eisenhower was the predecessor of John F. Kennedy.
Josef Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain was the predecessor of Francisco Franco.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party (Argentina).
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish–American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The Dodge Coronet is an alternative name for 1955 Dodge.
The engine of 1955 Dodge is 230 cubic inches.
A-Rosa Luna's christening date was 2005-04-07.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The christening date of AID Astella was 2013-03-16.
AID Astella was completed in 2013-03-11.
AID Astella's maiden voyage was 2013-03-17.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AID Astella.
ALV X-1 was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
The AMC Matador is also known as the American Motors Matador.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is now in the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
The engine of Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is the Straight-four engine.
The Honda K engine is the engine of Acura TLX.
The AWD (vehicle) is the layout of Acura TLX.
Acura TLX is related to the Honda Accord.
The transmission of Acura TLX is 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6).
The assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 is Arese.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Lancia Thema.
The transmission of Alfa Romeo 164 is 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE).
The builder of Alhambra is Samuda Brothers.
The shipbeam of Alhambra is 8.3 m.
Alhambra is awrecked.
The top speed of Alhambra is 18.52.
The Straight-six engine is the engine of Alvis Speed 25.
The model start year of Alvis Speed 25 is 1937.
The American submarine NR-1 has a draft of 4.6 m.
Antares (rocket) was the final flight of 2014-10-28.
The rocket Antares was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Ariane 5 was launched at Guiana Space Centre.
Ariane 5's maiden flight was in 2005-08-11.
Aston Martin V8's body style is convertible.
Aston Martin V8 is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Aston Martin Virage is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The final flight of Atlas II was on March 16, 1998.
Atlas II was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
Audi Brussels is the assembly location of the Audi A1.
The Audi A1 is related to SEAT Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costarociere is located in Genoa.
DeSoto Custom is related to Chrysler Newport.
Fiat Croma is related to Alfa Romeo 164.
The demonym of Germany is Germans.
The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The headquarter of the Guiana Space Centre is Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
The anthem of the United States is The Star-Spangled Banner.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The chairman of A.C. Milan is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
Abner (footballer) was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club play in the Qatar Stars League.
The manager of Al-Zawra'a SC is Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academic F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for the Scotland national under-19 football team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2nd, 1995.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. has a height of 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgia national under 21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus played for the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons play in Atlanta.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of Boston Bruins.
Budapest is in Hungary.
English is the language spoken in Canada.
Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets play in Columbus, Ohio.
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
The chairman of Ferencvárosi TC is Gábor Kubatov.
Finnish is spoken in Finland.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of the Italy national under 16 football team.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Motherwell FC's ground is Fir Park.
Jean Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
St. Louis Rams play in the city of St. Louis.
Tennessee Titans play in Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram was born in 1998.
Aaron Deer is associated with The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer's record label is Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner is a genre of Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner is a Progressive metal artist.
Abradab is a solo singer.
Abradab was born on 12/12/1978.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is a genre of hip hop music.
Agustín Barboza is a genre of Guarania music.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is a rock musician.
Albennie Jones is associated with Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovač was a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is from the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Soul music artist.
Alex Day is a Synthpop artist.
Héctor Numa Moraes is the associated band for Alfredo Zitarrosa.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell was born in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz artist.
Alison O'Donnell's instrument is the voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981-02-04.
Allen Forrest is a pop musician.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne is the associated band/associated musician of Johnny Sansone.
Anders Osborne is a Blues and Rhythm and Blues artist.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records.
Andra is a singer in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Andrew Rayel was born in 2009.
Christian Burns is an associated band member of Andrew Rayel.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White (musician) is associated with Marry Banilow.
Andrew White (musician) has a B-Unique Records record.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
The instrument of Christian Burns is the guitar.
Hip hop music is a genre of Gangsta rap.
Funk is the origin of hip hop music.
The origin of Indie rock is New wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
Sony Music Entertainment is the distributing company for RCA Records.
The Blues are the origin of rock and roll.
Pop music is the origin of Synthpop.
The British people are the demonym for the United Kingdom.
The density of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 2.0 gram per cubic centimetres.
Carl A Wirtanen was the discoverer of (29075) 1950 DA.
The absolute magnitude of 410777 is 22.1.
259776702.47055 (kilometres) is the apoapsis of 410777.
The apoapsis of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
The epoch of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 2013-11-04.
1000 Piazzia has an escape velocity of 0.0252 kilometres per second.
The former name of 1001 Gaussia is "1923 OAA907 XC".
1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165.0 (kelvins).
101 Helena has a apoapsis of 441092000.0 (kilometres).
101 Helena was published in 2006-12-31.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 kilometres per second.
The absolute magnitude of 103 Hera is 7.66.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
107 Camilla was the discoverer of A Storrs.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD.
1089 Tama has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometres per second.
1097 Vicia was published in 2006-12-31.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters was the discoverer of 109 Felicitas.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
The average speed of 10 Hygiea is 16.76 kilometres per second.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia was published in 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 (kelvins).
James Craig Watson graduated from the University of Michigan.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham.
The Purple Heart is awarded to Aaron S Daggett who fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub and Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and belongs to the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and graduated from the Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and worked at the Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abdulsalami Abubakar was the Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria) and was succeeded by Al-Amin Daggash.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar who was active in 1999-05-29.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar who is in office while Vice President.
Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Abner W. Sibal is a member of the United States Army which fought in the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lived in Gravesend.
Adam Koc fought in the World War I and was awarded the Virtuti militari award.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as a Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and worked as a Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and was a member of the Parliamentary group leader.
Airey Neave was awarded the Military Cross and was part of the Royal Artillery.
Airey Neave was active in 1974-03-04 and fought in the Battle of France.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France where Hugo Sperrle was the commander.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in the World War II.
Airey Neave fought in the World War II where Franklin Roosevelt was commander.
Airey Neave fought in the World War II where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22 and died in 1941.
Albert B. White was born on August 22, 1856 and is a politician.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Edmund J Davis is the Vice President of Albert Jennings Fountain in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain, born in New York City, is part of the Republican Party in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire, who worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate, was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.
Alfred Moore Scales was the Governor of North Carolina and the successor to James W. Reid (politician).
Alfred Moore scales was replaced by Daniel Gould Fowle who graduated from Princeton University.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States House of Representatives.
The United States Army is the military branch of the United States Army which fought the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers fought in the World War II where the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and worked as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur).
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin was born on 1793-10-23 and worked as the Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is a food found in the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Albert B. White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia, United States.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and plays for the Wichita Thunder.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol which is managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo and plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for AZ Alkmaar and plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and plays for the Netherlands national under 17 football team.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad plays for Steel Azin F.C. and Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC which is managed by Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams plays for T&TEC Sports Club and plays for Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by New England Patriots and played for the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by Tennessee Titans and played for the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies and Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS and Sheikh Russel KC.
Al-Khor Sports Club's ground is Al Khor Sports Club and they play in the Al Kor Sports Club.
Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC who play in the Al KharaITiyat SC club.
Alan Martin (footballer) is in the Leeds United FC club and plays for the Hamilton Athletic F.C. and Leeds United FC.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Athletic F.C. which has a ground in New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in 1995 and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland and plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow which is managed by Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Spartak Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
Alex Tyus was born on the 8th of January 1988 and plays for Pallacanestro Cantù.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. and plays for the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Alex Plante, born in Brandon, Manitoba, is the leader of the Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada where the language is English.
Levan Khomeriki is the manager of FC Dinamo Batumi and Aleksandre Guruli plays for the club.
The ground of FC Spartak Moscow is Otkrytiye Arena and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC SpartakMoscow.
Akeem Priestley is in the RoPS league and plays for RoPS.
Akeem Adams plays for United Petrotrin F.C. and plays for Palo Seco Velodrome.
The instrument of Aaron Deer is the guitar.
The United States is the origin of Aaron Deer who was born in Indiana.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Electroacoustic music genre and is associated with the Twilight band.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Avant-garde metal genre.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper) and Kaliber 44.
Abradab was born on 12 November 1978 in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
Ace Wilder is a genre of hip hop music, which is based on disco.
Ace Wilder was a solo singer who was a member of the Warner Music Group.
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay and has Philips Records.
The genre of rock music is Bhangra (music) and Alan Frew is a rock musician.
Alan Frew is a rock musician who originated from Country music.
Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer from the genre of Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Blues artist.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Soul music artist who started in 1990.
Alex Day is a Synthpop artist who originated from New wave music.
Alfredartharth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa, who has a background in music, is a solo singer.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer who has a background in the genre of Taquirari.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is from the genre of Zamba (artform) and is a solo singer.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Bajik Mak.
Alison O'Donnell is from the Folk rock genre and her record label is Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell's instrument is the voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest is a hip hop musician who was a solo singer.
Andrew White (musician) is a Christian alternative rock musician.
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne is from the genre of Rhythm and Blues and his record label is Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne is from the genre of Rhythm and Blues and his record label is Shanachie Records.
Andra (singer) was born in 2000 and has been active in the genre of pop music.
Andra (singer) is a Blues singer.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
Jwaydan Moyine and Armin van Buuren are the associated bands of Andrew Rayel.
Andrew White (musician) is a New wave musician.
Banjo is an instrument in the country music genre of Country music. Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the band.
Andrew White (musician) has a Polydor Records record label.
The escape velocity of the VK8 is 0.0925 (kilometre per second) and its apoapsis is 6603633000.0 (kilometres).
(410777) 2009 FD has an apoapsis of 259776702.47055 (kilometres) and a minimum temperature of 211.0 (kelvins).
Spacewatch was the discoverer of (410777) 2009 FD which has a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
The escape velocity of (66063) 1998 RO1 is 0.0999 kilometres per second.
The epoch of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 2004-07-14 and its orbital period is 16244700.0.
The epoch of (66391) 1999 KW4 is 2004-07-14 and it has a rotation period of 9953.28.
James Craig Watson, who died of peritonitis, was the discoverer of 101 Helena.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 (kilometre per second) and its apoapsis is 611961000.0 (kilometres).
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade, a German national, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson, who died of peritonitis, was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham.
The former name of 1089 Tama is A919 HA; 1927 WB.
1089 Tama has a temperature of 179.0 (kelvins) and a apoapsis of 373513000.0 kilometres.
The epoch of 1097 Vicia is 2006-12-31 and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a apoapsis of 523329000.0 (kilometres) and a temperature of 170.0 (kelvins).
109 Felicitas was published in 2006-12-31 and has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
10 Hygiea has a apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and a temperature of 164.0 (kelvins).
A900 GA is the former name of 10 Hygiea which was in the epoch of 2015-06-27.
110 Lydia was launched in 2006-12-31 and has a mass of 6.7 kilograms.
110 Lydia was launched in 2006-12-31 and has an orbital period of 142603000.0.
A-Rosa Luna, a cruise ship, has a length of 125800.0 metres.
A-Rosa Luna, which was ordered in 2004-01-22, has a length of 125800.0 metres.
AIDA Cruise is operated by AIDA Cruises and is located in Germany.
AIDA Cruise is operated by AIDA Cruises and is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna has a top speed of 40.744 and a length of 252000.0 metres.
AID Astella was christened on the 16th of March 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 metres.
ALCO RS-3, built by the Montreal Locomotive Works, has a diesel-electric transmission.
The rocket stages of ALV X-1 are 2.524 metres long.
Kenosha, Wisconsin is the assembly location for AMC Matador, which was produced in 1974.
AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague who was employed by Chrysler.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) has a length of 192000.0 metres and is located in Argentina.
The assembly of Alfa Romeo 164, which is related to the Saab 9000, is in Milan.
Fiat Croma is an assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 which is related to the Fiat Croma.
The assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 in Italy is Lancia Thema.
Alvis Speed 25 is manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company in Coventry.
The transmission of Alvis Speed 25 is single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. The engine is 4387.0 cubic centimetres.
The transmission of Alvis Speed 25 is single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle. The engine is a Straight-six engine.
Eagle (automobile) is the manufacturer of the AMC Matador.
The rocket Antares (rocket) was launched at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in 2014-01-09.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is from.
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 which was launched at ELA-3.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space which is the parent company of Airbus Group.
The assembly of Aston Martin V8, which is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1, is in the United Kingdom.
Aston Martin Virage is the successor to Aston Martin V8 which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
Aston Martin Virage is the successor to Aston Martin V8 which is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
Aston Martin V8 is the successor to Aston Martin Virage which is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The final flight of Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04 m, was on March 16, 1998.
Lockheed Martin is the manufacturer of Atlas II which was launched at Cape Caaveral Air Force Station.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which is part of the Audi e-tron division.
Audi A1 is manufactured by Ducati and its subsidiary is Audi.
Audi A1 is manufactured by Quattro GmbH.
Caterpillar Inc. is the key person of AIDAluna, which has the power of Caterpillar.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II which was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built by Finland's leader Juha Sipilä.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat.
The owner of MTU Friedrichshafen is Rolls-Royce Holdings and the power of A Rosa Luna is the MTU Friedrichshafen.
The Aston Martin V8 assembly is located in the United Kingdom where Elizabeth II is the leader.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University Rotterdam. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in the Kingdom of Sarawak and is the successor to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub. He is the Deputy of Stephen Yong Kuet Tze.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and resides in Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State and was educated at the Technical Institute, Kaduna. He was the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the successor to Olusegun Obasanjo who is in the Nigerian Air Force and Vice President.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the successor to Olusegun Obasanjo who is in office while Vice President and is a member of the Nigerian Army.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) and is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Joseph Stalin was the commander of the United States Army and Abner W. Sibal fought in the World War II.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood, Queens, United States and served as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Adam Holloway fought in the Gulf War and was a member of the Grenadier Guards. George H. W. Bush was the commander of the Gulf War.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and attended Magdalene College, Cambridge. He was a member of the Conservative Party in the UK.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was commander.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War which was part of the Russian Civil War. The commander of the Polish– Soviet War was Leon Trotsky.
Adonis Georgiadis, who was born in Athens, was a Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was a minister for health and worked as a minister for Health.
Adonis Georgiadis is in the office of Prime Minister Antonis Samaras and is a member of the New Democracy ( Greece). Blue is the colour of the country.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Agnes Kant was born and worked at the House of Representatives.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte and the Socialist Party (Netherlands).
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and worked as a member of the House of Representatives. He graduated from Radboud University Nijmegen.
Airey Neave fought in the World War II and was active in 1953-06-30 and 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave fought in the World War II and was active in 1974-03-04 and 1979-03-30.
Albert B. White was born on 1856-09-22 and died on 3rd July 1941.
Agnes Ward White, born in Marietta, Ohio, was the wife of Albert B. White who was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York City and died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York and died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, the governing body of Buenos Aires, which is led by Horacio Rodriguez Larreta.
Alberto Teisaire, who was born in Mendoza, Argentina, was a Rear Admiral. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach, born in Austria, died in Graz.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut and worked as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and worked at the Democratic Party (United States). He was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins, Jr.
Alvah Sabin was active in Vermont where the largest city is Burlington. He was born in Vermont on March 3rd, 1863.
Alvah Sabin was born on 1793-10-23 in the United States. He is a member of the Whig Party, which is led by Henry Clay.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He is a member of the Whig Party, which is led by Daniel Webster.
Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the American Civil War where Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States.
Alfred Moore scales the Battle of Fredericksburg which is part of the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was the commander.
Alfons Gorbach, born in County of Tyrol, died in Austria where the leader is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach, born in Tyrol, died in Austria where the leader is Doris Bures.
Alfons Gorbach, who died in Styria, was a leader of Austria where Doris Bures is the leader.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church which is part of the American Civil War. The commander of the battle was Robert E. Lee.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and has the nationality of the Netherlands.
Adam Koc is an ethnic group from Poland where the language is Polish and the Kashubians are an ethnic group.
The escape velocity of the VK8, which has a mass of 5.6 kilograms, is 0.0925 (kilometre per second) and its apoapsis is 6603633000.0 (kilometres).
(410777) 2009 FD, with an orbital period of 39447000.0 and a periapsis of 88234300000.0, was discovered by Spacewatch.
The minimum temperature of (66063) 1998 RO1 is -71.0 (degreeCelsius) and the maximum temperature is 500.0 (kelvins).
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 metres.
1000 Piazzia is located on the epoch of 2015-06-27 and has an orbital period of 488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.
1001 Gaussia, former name of 1923 OAA907 XC, has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 (kilograms) and an escape velocity of 0.0348 (kilometre per second). It has a apoapsis of 441092000.0 metres.
Walter Baade, a German national, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He was the alma mater of the University of Göttingen.
The discoverer of 103 Hera was James Craig Watson who died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
103 Hera has an orbital period of 1622.213 (days) and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 (kilometres).
The escape velocity of 103 Hera is 0.0482 kilometres per second and the temperature is 170.0 kelvins.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham, England.
The former name of 1089 Tama is A894 VA; A904 VD and its orbital period is 1202.846 days.
The epoch of 1089 Tama is 2005-11-26 and its periapsis is 288749000000.0 and its apoapsis is 373513000.0 (kilometres).
The former name of 1097 Vicia is "1928 PC" and its periapsis is 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7.5 Kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000.0.
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 (kilometres) and an apoapsis of 523329000.0 ( Kilometres).
10 Hygiea, with an orbital period of 5.57 days, has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 kilometres per second and a surface area of 837080.744 square kilometres. It has a apoapsis of 523951582.33968 kilometres.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 (square Kilometres) and a apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
110 Lydia was launched in 2006-12-31 and has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and a periapsis of 377016000000.0.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and a apoapsis of 440756000.0 (kilometres).
Aaron Bertram is an associated musician with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends, both of which are genres of pop music.
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana, United States. He is an indie rock musician.
Aaron Deer was born in the United States and his genre is Psychedelia.
Aaron Turner, who is associated with the Black metal band Twilight, is a member of the associated band Greymachine.
Aaron Turner is associated with the Drone music genre. He is a member of the Twilight band and the associated band is Greymachine.
Aaron Turner, who is associated with the Twilight band and Mamiffer, is a member of the Ambient music genre.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who has an electric guitar as his instrument. He is also a member of the Death metal genre.
Aaron Turner is a black metal singer who has an instrument called Singing. He is also a member of the Death metal genre.
Magik (rapper) and Kaliber 44 are the associated bands of Abradab which was born in 1978.
Magik (rapper) and Kaliber 44 are the associated bands of Abradab which was created in Katowice.
Ace Wilder is a genre of hip hop music, which is based on Funk and Disco.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción, Paraguay, where Juan Afara is the leader.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is affiliated with the NRBQ band and has the instrument of singing. He is a member of the Rock music genre.
Alan Frew is a rock musician who originates from the country of Bhangra (music).
Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician who originated in Blues and Afrobeat.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and his genre is Rhythm and Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is a pop music artist associated with the Bebi Dol band and the K2 sisters duo. She is also a member of the associated band K2 (Kovač sisters duo).
Aleksandra Kovač is a pop music artist associated with Kornelije Kovač and Bebi Dol.
Aleksandra Kovač is from the genre of Rhythm and Blues and is associated with Kristina Kovač and K2 Sisters Duo.
Alex Day is a genre of Synthpop which is based on pop music and disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in London.
Alfredartharth Jones was born in Manchester, the leader of the Labour Party in the UK. He died in Sidcup.
Boris Johnson is the leader of London, where Alfred Garner died in Sidcup.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with the Folk music of Ireland and is a member of the associated band Flibbertigibbet and the associated musical artist, Mellow Candle.
Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet are the associated bands for Alison O'Donnell who is a Folk musician.
Alison O'Donnell's instrument is the voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp and Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz singer and has a Static Caravan Recordings record label.
Allen Forrest, born in Dothan, Alabama, is a solo singer.
Allen Forrest, born in Dothan, Alabama, is a solo singer.
Andrew White (musician) is a singer in the Alternative rock genre Nu metal. He was born in New Wave music.
Anders Osborne, who is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit, is a member of the associated band/associated musical artist, Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who has a Rabadash Records record label. He also has Bhangra (music) as a genre.
Andra (singer) is associated with the associated band/associated musical artist Puya (singer), CRBL and the genre of Dance-pop.
Andra (singer) is associated with the associated band/associated musician Andreea Bălan and the associated musical artist Marius Moga.
Andra is a singer who has a background in the genre of Rhythm and Blues. She was a solo singer.
Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn are associated bands with Andrew Rayel who is a Trance musician.
Andrew Rayel, who is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina, is a Trance musician.
Jwaydan Moyine is an associated musician with Andrew Rayel who is a member of the House music genre.
Andrew White (musician) is associated with Marry Banilow and Kaiser Chiefs and has a record label called Universal Records (defunct record label).
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Suburban Legends and is associated with the genre of Ska punk.
Albennie Jones, born in Errata, Mississippi, is an African American.
The Dodge Coronet is an alternative name for the 1955 Dodge engine which has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission.
A-Rosa Luna has a length of 125800.0 (millimetres) and was ordered on 2004-01-22.
A-Rosa Luna, which has a length of 125800.0 metres and a ship displacement of 1850.0 tonnes, has a top speed of 24.0.
AIDA Cruise is operated by AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany and is owned by Costarociere.
AID Astella was christened on the 16th of March, 2013 and has a length of 253260.0 (millimetres).
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres and a V12 engine.
The American Locomotive Company, founded in Schenectady, New York, was the builder of ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group.
ALV X-1 comes from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the capital is Washington D.C.
ALV X-1, which has a diameter of 1.524 metres, was launched with 2 stages and has a total of 1,524 launches.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and has the engine of a Straight-four engine.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a 2160.0 millimetres wheelbase and a body style of two door coupé.
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard is the builder of Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) which has a beam of 21.2.
The assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 is in Italy where the capital is Rome and the Fiat Croma is a transportation method.
The assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 is in Italy where Rome is the capital and Lancia Thema is a transportation method.
The Fiat Croma assembly is Arese and the Lancia Thema assembly is Alfa Romeo 164 which is related to the Fiat Croma.
Fiat Croma and Saab 9000 are both related to the assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 which is located in Milan.
Alhambra has a length of 63800.0 metres and a beam of 8.3 m. It was launched 1855-05-31.
Alhambra is a ship that was launched 1855-05-31 and has a beam of 8.3 m and a launch date of May 31st, 1955.
Alvis Speed 25, manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, was founded in Coventry and has a petrol engine.
Roy D. Chapin, Jr. is the key person of AMC Matador, a manufacturer of American Motors, which was manufactured by American Motors.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares (rocket) which is comparable to Delta II which is from the United States.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares, a rocket launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and was launched at the Guiana Space Centre.
Aston Martin V8, based in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom, has an engine of 5.3 litres and is related to the Aston Martin DBS.
Aston Martin V8, which has an engine of 5.3 litres, is related to the Aston Martin DBS which has an assembly in the United Kingdom.
Atlas II was launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States.
Atlas II is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group and the leader is the President.
Atlas II, which was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States, was launched at the Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36.
The Audi A1, which has a 1.2 litre engine, has a Hatchback body style.
The Audi A1, manufactured by Audi, is related to the SEAT Ibiza and Volkswagen Polo.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and is located in Peoria, Illinois. Its power type is Caterpillar.
Caterpillar Inc. is the owner of AIDAluna which is located in Illinois and is powered by the Caterpillar inc.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AID Astella which is located in Genoa and is owned by Costarociere.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II which was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
ELA-3 is the launch site for Ariane 5 which is located at the Guiana Space Centre in French Guiana.
Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana and ELA-3 is the launch site for Ariane 5.
Neptun Werft is the builder of A-Rosa Luna which is located in Rostock, Germany.
Atlas II is from the United States, where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
Aaron Hunt played for VfL Wolfsburg, Goslarer SC 08 and SV Werder Bremen.
Aaron Hunt, who plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II, plays for VFL Wolfsburg.
Abel Hernández played for Central Español, Hull City AFC and U.S. Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández, who plays for Central Español and U.S. Città di Palermo, plays for Peñarol.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and plays for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. and W Connection FC.
Akeem Ayers was drafted in the 2nd round of the draft by Los Angeles Rams and played for Los Angeles Rams.
Akeem Ayers was drafted in the 2nd round of the draft by St. Louis Rams.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club and the Iraq national under 20 football team.
Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is Al Khor and they play the Shabab Al Ordon Club and Alaa Abdul-Zahra.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1st, 1989 and plays for the Clyde F.C. club.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Motherwell F.C. and Accrington Stanley FC.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on the 2nd of September 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He played for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on the 2nd of September 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He was drafted by Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov, born in the Soviet Union, died in Russia where Vladimir Putin is the leader.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989. He plays for the Russian national football B team and plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais and plays for AZAL PFK.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais and plays for US Lesquin.
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of A.C. Milan who have Alessio Romagnoli playing for them.
Siniša Mihajlović and Alessio Romagnoli play for A.C. Milan and U.C. Sampdoria respectively.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma and is a member of the Italy national under 16 football team which is coached by Daniele Zoratto.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for the U.C. Sampdoria and the Italy national under 17 football team.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in Canada and plays for Anyang Halla.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. and plays for Zvi Sherf. He is also a member of the Euroleague.
Maccabi Ashdod B.C. are coached by Zvi Sherf and play in the Turkish Basketball Super League. Alex Tyus is a member of the club.
The ground of FC Spartak Moscow is Otkrytiye Arena and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
The ground of FC Spartak Moscow is Otkrytiye Arena and Aleksandr Prudnikov is a member of FC Anzhi Makhachkala.
Aleksandr Chumakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow who played in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. and plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Aleksandr Chumakov, born in Moscow, died in Russia. The leader of Moscow is Sergey Sobyanin.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla and plays for the Brazil national under-20 football team.
Luis Miguel Ramis is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla and Abner (footballer) plays for C.D. FAS.
St. Louis is part of Greater St. Louis and is led by Francis G. Slay. Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis.
Akeem Ayers was a member of the New England Patriots and played for the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Adams plays for Trinidad and Tobago national under 20 football team and plays for United Petrotrin FC.
Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen II, who play in the 3. Liga league. Aaron Hunt is a member of the club.
Abel Hernández played for Peñarol, Central Español and Hull City AFC. He also plays for Hull City A.F.C. and has been managed by Steve Bruce.
Abel Hernández played for Peñarol, Central Español, U.S. Città di Palermo and Peñarols youth club.
Abel Hernández, who plays for the U.S. Città di Palermo, plays for Peñarol. The club is in the Serie A league and the manager is Giuseppe Iachini.
Adam McQuaid was born in Prince Edward Island on October 12, 1986. He weighed 94.8024 kilograms and was born on October 12th, 1986.
Columbus Blue Jackets general manager Don Sweeney is the general manager of the Boston Bruins. Adam McQuaid was drafted by the Boston Bruins and played for the Columbus Blue Jackets.
Akeem Ayers was born on the 10th of July 1989 and played for St. Louis Rams and Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Houston Texans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Atlanta Falcons and Houston Texans.
Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is Al Khor and their manager is Amar Osim. They play for Al Zawra'a SC and have Alaa Abdul-Zahra as their manager.
Al Kharaitiyat SC play in Al Khor and are managed by Amar Osim. They play for the Iraq national under 23 football team and have Alaa Abdul-Zahra as a player.
Al Kharaitiyat SC play at Al Khor and are managed by Amar Osim. They have Alaa Abdul-Zahra and Shabab Al-Ordon Club.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1st, 1989 in Crewe Alexandra F.C. and played for Hamilton Academical FC and Crewe Alexandra FC.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1st, 1989 and plays for Crewe Alexandra FC. He was a member of the Scotland national under-21 football team and played for the Crewe Alexandra F.C.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989 and plays for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow. He is 185cm tall.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, born on the 24th of February 1989, plays for FC Rubin Kazan and is a member of the FC Spartak Moscow club.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Zestafoni. He is 178cm tall.
Alex Plante was born on the 9th of May 1989 in Canada. He played for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in Canada in 1989. He played for Anyang Halla and has a height of 1.9304.
Elizabeth II is the leader of Canada where the anthem is O Canada and the language is Inuktut. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II. Asian Canadians are one of the ethnic groups in Canada.
O Canada is the anthem of Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and the slavey language is spoken. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny, who play in Grozny and have Aleksandr Prudnikov as their manager.
Aleksandr Chumakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow who played in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15. The club's chairman is Aleksandr Tukmanov and the manager is Valery Petrakov.
Akeem Dent, who played for the Atlanta Falcons, was a member of the Houston Texans who are located in Texas.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City A.F.C. and plays for Peñarol in the Uruguayan Primera División. He is also a member of the Hull City AFC youth club.
The VK8 orbital period is 8788850000.0 (kilometres) and the periapsis is 6603633000.0 (km) and the apoapsis is 6155910000000.0 ( Kilometres).
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an epoch of 2013-11-04 and an orbital period of 360.29 days, has an escape velocity of 0.0999 kilometres per second and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 kilometres.
(66063) 1998 RO1, which has an orbital period of 360.29 days, has a mean temperature of 265.0 (kelvins) and an apoapsis of 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
1000 Piazzia is located on the epoch of 2015-06-27 and has an orbital period of 488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.0.
Sergey Belyavsky was the discoverer of 1001 Gaussia which was founded on July 27th, 2015. It was formerly known as "1923 OAA907 XC" and has a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
Walter Baade was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Allan Sandage as a doctoral student. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade was born in Preußisch Oldendorf and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Halton Arp as a doctoral student. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade, a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen, died in West Germany. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson, a student at the University of Michigan, died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
James Craig Watson was a Canadian who died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera, which is 437170000.0 (kilometres) in length.
James Craig Watson was a Canadian national who died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. It has a periapsis of 479343000.0 (kilometres).
107 Camilla was discovered in 2001-03-01 and was discovered by N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham. He died in Chennai.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and a periapsis period of 288749000000.0.
1089 Tama is from the epoch of 2005-11-26 and has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an escape velocity of 0.0068 (kilometre per second).
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 (kilograms) and an orbital period of 135589000.0 (kilometres). It was launched in 2006-12-31 and has a period of 511592000.0 (km).
109 Felicitas is in the epoch of 2006-12-31 and has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and a periapsis duration of 283326000000.0.
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and periapsis of 416136000000.0.
The escape velocity of 1101 Clematis is 0.02 (kilometre per second) and its orbital period is 183309000.0. It was built in 2006-12-31 and has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 (kilometres).
1101 Clematis is located on the epoch of 2006-12-31 and has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and periapsis of 445895000000.0.
The escape velocity of 1101 Clematis is 0.02 (kilometre per second) and its periapsis is 445895000000.0. Its orbital period is 183309000.
The 1955 Dodge, manufactured by Dodge, has a V8 engine and a 3-speed automatic transmission. Its wheelbase is 120.0 inches.
The manufacturer of DeSoto Custom is DeSoto (automobile) and it is related to Chrysler Newport and DeSoto Firedome.
AIDA Cruise is located in Rostock and is operated by AIDA Cruise. The operator is AIDA Cruises and the builder is Meyer Werft.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AID Astella which has a length of 253260.0 metres and was built by Meyer Werft and Costarociere.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of ALCO RS-3, which was built in May 1950 - August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres and a V12 engine. It was built in May 1950 - August 1956.
The American Locomotive Company, founded in Schenectady, New York, is the builder of ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres.
The builder of ALCO RS-3, which was built in May 1950 - August 1956, is Montreal Locomotive Works. It has a V12 engine and a diesel-electric transmission.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 was Montreal Locomotive Works. It was built in May 1950 - August 1956 and has a cylinder count of 12.
AMC Matador is made in Mexico City and has the AMC V8 engine and AMC V8 body style. It is also known as the American Motors Matador.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car from Kenosha, Wisconsin and has an AMC straight-6 engine.
The Honda K engine is the engine of the Acura TLX, which has a layout of front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive and an assembly in Marysville, Ohio.
The assembly of Acura TLX is Marysville Auto Plant. The engine is a V6 engine and the layout is the front-engine design.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built by the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland and is in service. It has a beam of 21.2.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built in Helsinki, Finland, where the leader is Juha Sipilä and the demonym is Finns.
Arctech Helsinki Shipyard is the builder of Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) which is in service and has a beam of 21.2.
The assembly of Alfa Romeo 164, which is related to the Saab 9000 and Lancia Thema, is in Italy. The engine of Alfa Romeo 164 is the Straight-four engine.
The Fiat Croma and Saab 9000 engines are used in the assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 which has a mean of transportation of Fiat Croma.
Alhambra, which has a length of 63800.0 metres and a ship launch of 1855-05-31, has beenwrecked.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry. It has the engine of petrol and the successor Rover Company.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry. It has a Straight-six engine and the successor Rover Company.
The AMC Matador was manufactured by American Motors, which is now owned by Roy D. Chapin, Jr. and is the successor to the Eagle (automobile).
General Dynamics Electric Boat was the builder of the American submarine NR-1 which has a beam of 3.8 m and a top speed of 8.334.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched in 1969-01-25 and has a top speed of 8.334 and a length of 45000.0 metres.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares, which was launched on the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on the 28th of October 2014.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares, which was launched on the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on April 21st, 2013.
Aston Martin Virage, manufactured by Aston Martin, is the successor to Aston Martin V8, which is manufactured in the United Kingdom. The capital of the United Kingdom is London.
Aston Martin V8, which has an engine of 5.3 litres, is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1.
Aston Martin V8 is the successor to the Aston Martin Virage which is manufactured by Aston Martin and has a 5.3 litre engine.
Atlas II, which has a diameter of 3.04m, was launched at the Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in 2002-12-05.
The Audi A1 is a Supermini and has an engine of 1.2 litres and has a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
The Audi A1 is manufactured by Audi, which was founded by August Horch and Ducati.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna which is located in Illinois and was founded in California. Caterpillar Inc. was the foundation of AID Aluna.
AID Astella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. It is located in Genoa and was built by AIDA Cruise.
The launch site for Delta II is Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. The rocket is comparable to Delta II which was launched at the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The Antares rocket is comparable to Delta II which was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Fiat Croma is related to Opel Vectra and Alfa Romeo 164, which has an assembly in Italy and a Sedan (automobile) body style.
Fiat Croma is related to Opel Vectra and Alfa Romeo 164 which is made in Milan and has an assembly in Milan.
General Dynamics Electric Boat, based in Groton, Connecticut, is the parent company of the American submarine NR-1 which has a beam of 3.8 m.
Neptun Werft is the builder of A-Rosa Luna which is located in Rostock, Germany, where the leader is Stanislaw Tillich.
Atlas II is from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English. The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Atlas II is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and is a member of the Skapunk genre. He is also a member of Suburban Legends which has Brian Robertson as a trombonist.
Aaron Deer, born in Indianapolis, is a Psychedelia singer. He was a solo singer.
Aaron Turner, who is associated with the Isis band and Sumac band, is a member of the Electroacoustic music genre. He also has the instrument of Singing.
Aaron Turner was born in 1995 and has been involved in the post-metal genre with the Twilight band and the Old Man Gloom.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Black metal band Sumac. He has an electric guitar and is associated with the Sumac band. He also has Sumac as an associated musician.
Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockholm, Sweden. He was a solo singer.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden on July 23, 1982, is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder was born in Stockholm in 1982. He was a solo singer and a songwriter.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982. He was a solo singer and a songwriter.
Ahmet Ertegun is from Washington, D.C. and was created by non-performing personnel. It was created in the United States.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Ahmet Ertegun is from. The genre of rock and roll is Blues.
Albennie Jones was born in 1950 and has been active in the genre of Rhythm and Blues which is derivative of Disco and Blues.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and Jazz is a genre.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Belgrade in 1972. She is a solo singer and has a background in pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972, is a Solo Singer.
Alex Day was a member of the Chameleon Circuit band and the associated band is Charlie McDonnell. He started his career in 2006 and has been active in the genre of acoustic music.
Chameleon Circuit and Charlie McDonnell are the associated bands of Alex Day who was a member of the Electronic music genre and started his career in 2006.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872 and died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where the leader is Daniel Martínez (politician).
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and is a solo singer. He is a member of the genre of Candombe and his record label is RCA Records.
Bajik and Flibbertigibbet are the associated bands of Alison O'Donnell who was a member of the Folk music genre. She was active in 1963 and started her career in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell, who has been active in Folk music since 1963, is associated with the Mellow Candle band and the associated musical artist, Head South By Weaving.
Alison O'Donnell is from London and has a Jazz record label Deram Records and Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is from London and has a Jazz record label called Deram Records and Fruits de Mer Records.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, Fort Campbell, in 1981. He was a solo singer.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL. He was a solo singer and was born in 1981 in Fort Campbell.
Andrew White (musician) is associated with the band Marry Banilow and is a member of the band Nu metal. He is a Punk rocker and his genre is Alternative rock.
Anders Osborne, who is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit, is a rock musician. He also has an associated band called Galactic.
Anders Osborne is a Blues musician who has a record label called Alligator Records which is in Chicago. He also has Shanachie Records.
Andra (born in Romania) is a singer who performs in the genre of Dance-Pop. She was a solo singer.
Andra (singer) is from the genre of Rhythm and Blues which is derivative of Funk and Disco.
Andrew Rayel, who was associated with Christian Burns and Jonathan Mendelsohn, was active in 2009 and started his career in Trance music.
Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns are the associated bands of Andrew Rayel who is a member of the House music genre. He is also a member of Trance music.
Andrew White (musician) was a member of the Kaiser Chiefs and the associated band is Marry Banilow. He was active in 2003 and has been in the genre of Alternative rock.
Andrew White (musician) was a member of the Kaiser Chiefs and the associated band is Marry Banilow. He was active in 2003 and his record label was Universal Records.
Agustín Barboza, who was a leader in Paraguay, died in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the NRBQ band, which is associated with The Wildweeds and The Banjo. The instrument he plays is the Banjo.
Hip hop is a genre of music originating from the Disco and Funk genres. Allen Forrest is a Funk artist.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and is a member of the Labour Party (UK). He is the leader of Manchester which is part of Greater Manchester.
Post-metal is a genre of post-metal. Aaron Turner is a member of the House of Low Culture and is associated with the post-metal band Twilight.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Black metal band, Twilight. He has an electric guitar and is associated with the Death metal genre.
African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States. Albennie Jones was born in the United States and his genre is Rhythm and Blues.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the American Civil War. He was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of the Wilderness. He was awarded the Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and graduated from Erasmus University Rotterdam, which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs. He worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Netherlands).
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in Miri Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and resides in Kuching.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and resides in Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party and is the successor to Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor to Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo and is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu Bersatu.
The Nigerian Army is a branch of the Nigerian Army and Abdulsalami Abubakar is a Vice President in the Nigerian Army.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the Vice President of the Nigerian Air Force and his predecessor was Oladipo Diya and Al-Amin Daggash. The Nigerian Air Force is a branch of the Nigerian Army.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. Juan Carlos I of Spain was the predecessor to Francisco Franco and Felipe Gonzalez as Prime Minister.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and worked as a minister of transport.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in New Britain, Connecticut, United States. He is an American and his spouse is Casey Ribicoff.
Adam Holloway, born in Kent, fought in the Gulf War and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge in 2005.
Adam Koc is a Polish national who fought in the Polish–Soviet War. The Polish language is spoken in Poland and the commander was Joseph Stalin.
Adam Koc, who fought in the Polish–Soviet War, died in New York City. Joseph Stalin was the commander of the Polish– Soviet War.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was the Vice-President of New Democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He is the successor to Makis Voridis and works at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece).
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was a member of the Hellenic Parliament and is the successor to Makis Voridis.
Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by EmileRoemer. The currency of the Netherlands is the Euro.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Agnes Kant was born. She was a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) and worked at the House of Representatives.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant, who is from the Netherlands, is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Emile Roemer.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, fought in the Battle of France on July 30th, 1953. He retired on March 30th, 1979.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, fought in the Battle of France on March 4th, 1974. He retired on March 30th, 1979.
Airey Neave was a unit of the Royal Artillery who fought in the World War II. Chiang Kai-shek is the commander of the garrison of Hohne.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
William M. O. Dawson was the successor to Albert B. White who was born in Cleveland on the 3rd of April 1905. He was active from 1905-03-04 to 1903-03-05.
Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the American Civil War and Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York, New York, where French is spoken.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and fought in the American Civil War which was led by Jefferson Davis. He died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York in Staten Island and died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, Argentina, where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and the Justicialist Party is in office.
Alberto Teisaire (born in Mendoza, Argentina) was a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate and was a Rear Admiral. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and served as the Governor of North Carolina.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was a member of The United States Army and fought in Whiskey Rebellion.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and was the mayor of Stamford, Connecticut. Albert E Austin was his successor.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He was appointed as the Governor of Texas by Price Daniel.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States. He was appointed as the Governor of Texas by Wilfred R. Cousins Jr. and is now known as Allan Shivers.
Alvah Sabin was the Secretary of State of Vermont, where the largest city is Burlington and the 3rd Congressional District is located.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded the Purple Heart by Robert E. Lee and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which was part of the American Civil War.
Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina who was in office while Juan Perón was a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). Spanish is the language spoken in Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and was a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). He was the successor to Juan Perón who is now President of Argentina.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany and is operated by the Carnival Corporation & plc. The parent company of AIDA Cruise is the Carnival Corporation and the builder is Meyer Werft.
AID Astella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises. The ship has a beam of 32.2 metres and a top speed of 38.892.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres and a cylinder count of 12. It was built in May 1950 - August 1956.
The American Locomotive Company was the builder of ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres and a cylinder count of 12. It was built in May 1950 - August 1956.
ALV X-1 originates from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car and has an AMC V8 engine and a Thames, New Zealand assembly. It is also known as the American Motors Matador.
P&O (company) is the owner of Alhambra which is located in London and was built by Samuda Brothers and Humphrys,Tennant and Dykes.
AMC Matador is a manufacturer of American Motors, which was founded by Roy D. Chapin, Jr. and is the successor to the Eagle (automobile) and Wheel Horse.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched in 1969-01-25 and has a top speed of 8.334 and a draft of 4.6 m. It has a length of 45000.0 and a beam of 3.8 m.
The launch site for Antares is the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 which is associated with the Minotaur IV rocket. The rocket was launched at the Mid- Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the United States.
Antares is a rocket manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It was launched on the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on July 13th, 2014. It has a diameter of 3.9 metres.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares (rocket) which has a diameter of 3.9 metres and was launched on the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of Ariane 5, which is 5.4 metres in diameter and was launched at Guiana Space Centre on the 8th of October, 2009.
ELA-3 is operated by Arianespace and is located in the French Guiana city of Couronnes. It is the launch site of Ariane 5 which was launched at the Guiana Space Centre.
The Aston Martin V8 is the successor to the Aston Martin DBS and is manufactured by Aston Martin Vantage. It has a 5.3 litre V8 engine and has an assembly in Newport Pagnell.
Aston Martin V8, which has an engine of 5.3 litres, is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1. It has the body style of Coupé and the assembly is Newport Pagnell.
The Aston Martin V8 is a successor to the Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin DBS. The United Kingdom's leader is Elizabeth II and the Aston Martin V 8 is manufactured in the UK.
The Audi A1, which has a 1.2 litre engine, has a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout and a Hatchback body style. It was manufactured in Brussels, Belgium.
Ducati and Lamborghini are subsidiaries of Audi, a manufacturer of the Audi A1, which was founded by August Horch.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna which is located in Peoria, Illinois and was founded in the United States. The Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California.
Douglas Oberhelman is the key person of AIDA Cruises which was founded in the United States and is owned by AIDA Cruise. Caterpillar Inc. was the foundation of AIDA Cruise and is located in Rostock.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna which is located in Peoria, Illinois. Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the United States and its key person is Douglas Oberhelman.
AID Astella was built by Meyer Werft and operated by AIDA Cruises and Carnival Corporation & plc. It is owned by Costarociere which is located in Genoa.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. Finland's leader is Juha Sipilä and the Sami languages are spoken there.
Neptun Werft is the location of Rostock, Germany, where Joachim Gauck is the leader and where A-Rosa Luna was built.
Neptun Werft is the builder of A-Rosa Luna which is located in Rostock, Germany, where the capital is Berlin and the leader is Andreas Voßkuhle.
Atlas II is from the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English. One of the ethnic groups in the United States is the Native Americans.
Abel Hernández played for Peñarol, Central Español, U.S. Città di Palermo and Central Español.
Aleksandr Chumakov, who played for FC Torpedo Moscow, was killed in Russia. Valentina Matviyenko and Valery Petrakov are the leaders of Russia.
Aleksandre Guruli, who plays for Olympique Lyonnais, plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and has been a member of the club. Jean Michel Aulas is the chairman of the club and Oleh Luzhny is the manager.
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of A.C. Milan who play in the Serie A league and have Alessio Romagnoli as a defender. The club also play in the U.C. Sampdoria league.
Siniša Mihajlović and Silvio Berlusconi are the current managers of A.C. Milan. Alessio Romagnoli is a member of the Italian national under 17 football team and plays for the U.C. Sampdoria.
The U.S. Città di Palermo manager is Giuseppe Iachini. Abel Hernández plays for Central Español and plays for the Uruguay national football team.
The ground of FC Spartak Moscow is Otkrytiye Arena. The club's chairman is Sergey Rodionov and the ground is managed by Gadzhi Gadzhiyev and Aleksandr Prudnikov.
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov and the manager is Rashid Rakhimov. The ground of FC Terek Grozny is located in Grozny and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC SpartakMoscow.
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC Terek Grozny who play in Grozny. They have Aleksandr Prudnikov who plays for FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Chumakov, born in the Soviet Union, is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, who played in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15. He also played for the Soviet Union national football team.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. and is a member of the Ferencvárosi TC, which is managed by Thomas Doll and Gabor Kubatov. The club's ground is Palo Seco.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. and is a member of the Ferencvárosi TC, which is managed by Thomas Doll and Gabor Kubatov. The club's ground is Palo Seco Velodrome.
The VK8, which has a mass of 5.6 kilograms and an orbital period of 8788850000.0, was launched in 2006-12-31 and has a periapsis of 6603633000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 6155910000000.0 kilometres.
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 101 Helena, which was discovered in 1868-08-15 and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was born in Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan.
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 101 Helena. He was born in Canada and graduated from the University of Michigan. He died in Madison, Wisconsin.
Walter Baade was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Allan Sandage as a doctoral student. He died in Göttingens.
Walter Baade was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Allan Sandage and Halton Arp.
Walter Baade was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He was born in the German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Allan Sandage as a doctoral student.
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 103 Hera which was discovered in 1868-09-07 and died in Madison, Wisconsin.
James Craig Watson was a Canadian national who died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera, which has a periapsis of 371240000.0 (kilometres).
107 Camilla was discovered by B Zellner on December 31st, 2006. It has a periapsis period of 2368.05 (days) and an orbital period of 479343000.0 (kilometres) and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
107 Camilla was discovered by C Woods on December 31st, 2006. It has an orbital period of 2368.05 (days) and periapsis of 560937000.0 (kilometres) and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
F Vilas was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which was launched on December 31st, 2006. It has an orbital period of 2368.05 (days) and periapsis of 560937000.0 (kilometres).
The discoverer of 107 Camilla is N.R. Pogson who was born in Nottingham. He was a national of England and died in Chennai.
The escape velocity of 1089 Tama is 0.0068 (kilometre per second) and its orbital period is 1202.846 days. It was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB.
The escape velocity of 1101 Clematis is 0.02 (kilometre per second) and is 520906000.0 (kilometres). It has a mass of 5.7 (kilograms) and an orbital period of 183309000.0.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513.722 (days) and periapsis of 475426000.0 (kilometres) and an apoapsis temperature of 173.0 (kelvins).
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri Malaysia on May 21st 1936. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and resides in Kuching.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in the Kingdom of Sarawak, is the successor to Adenan Satem. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who was in office while Vice President Mike Akhigbe and Oladipo Diya were in office, was a member of the Nigerian Navy and the Nigerian Navy is a branch of the Nigerian navy. He died on the 29th of May, 1999.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the successor to Olusegun Obasanjo and Mike Akhigbe. He was active in 1999-05-29 and retired on May 29th, 1999. He is a member of the Nigerian Army.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States and served as the Governor of Connecticut. He died in the US.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and worked at the United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare. He was a member of the Democratic Party and died in New York City.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York. He was an American who was married to Casey Ribicoff. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. He graduated from the Magdalene College, Cambridge in 2005. He was a member of the Grenadier Guards and served as a member of Parliament for Gravesham.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham, Kent, England. He graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge in 2005. He was a member of the Conservative Party in the UK and served in the Grenadier Guards.
Antonis Samaras and Konstantinos Mitsotakis are the successors to Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Greece and is now in the office of Prime Minister.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Emile Roemer is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands). The country's leader is Mark Rutte and Agnes Kant is a national of the country.
Mark Rutte and Khadija Arib are the leaders of the Netherlands where Agnes Kant was born. She was a member of the House of Representatives (Netherlands) which is led by Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who lives in Doesburg. She is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Emile Roemer. Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
Albert B. White was born on August 22, 1856 and died on March 3, 1941 in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The Governor of West Virginia was Albert B. White who was born in Cleveland on April 4th, 1905. He was married to Agnes Ward White and worked at the Governor's office. He was succeeded by William M. O. Dawson.
The Republican Party (United States) is the party of Albert B. White, who was born in Cleveland on the 3rd of March 1905. He served as a member of the Republican Party in the United States from 1903 to 1904.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, Argentina, where the leader is Horacio Rodríguez Larreta and the Labour Party (Argentina). Juan Perón was married to Eva Perón.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on the 20th of May, 1890. He was a Rear Admiral and worked as a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Styria.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) in Imst. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Styria.
Alvah Sabin, who died in Sycamore, Illinois, was active for 1857-03-03 and died in Burlington, Vermont. Burlington is the largest city in Vermont.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Sycamores, Illinois.
Alfred Moore scales is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. He fought in the Battle of Gettysburg which is part of the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was the commander.
Alfred Moore scales is from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. He fought in the Siege of Petersburg which is part of the American Civil War where Jefferson Davis was the commander.
Juan Perón is married to Eva Perón and is a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). He is also a member of Argentina, where the Spanish language is spoken. Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina.
Aaron Bertram is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and is a member of the Suburban Legends. He is also a member of Suburban Legends and is a ska punk artist. Brian Robertson is a trombonist.
Aaron Deer was born in the United States. He was a solo singer and a member of Wee Giant. He is a member of the Indie rock genre.
Aaron Turner was born in the United States in 1995. He is a member of the Black metal band, Old Man Gloom and the associated band, Lotus Eaters. He has been active in the US since 1995.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and has been active in Massachusetts since 1995. He was a member of the Twilight band and the Lotus Eaters band.
Abradab was born on November 12, 1978 in Katowice, Poland. It was associated with Magik (rapper) and Kaliber 44.
Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Sweden. He was a solo singer and graduated from Sweden with a degree in singing.
Ace Wilder was born on July 23, 1982 in Stockholm, Sweden. He was a solo singer and a songwriter.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop musician who originated in Funk and Drum and bass. He is also a member of the Gangsta rap genre.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and his genre is Hip hop music. He was influenced by Funk and Drum and bass.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) was born in Windsor, Connecticut. He was a member of the NRBQ band, which was associated with The Wildweeds and the Rock music genre. He started his career in 1966.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is affiliated with the NRBQ band. He has a guitar and is a member of the Rock music genre, Bhangra (music). His instrument is the guitar.
Alan Frew, born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario, is a solo singer. He was born in Canada.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972, is a pop music singer. She is a member of the genre of Disco and has been a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer who has been active in the genre of Rhythm and Blues. She was born in 1990 and has been associated with K2 (Kovač sisters duo) and Kornelije Kovač.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872. He was a United Kingdom national and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup. He was the leader of London where the European Parliament is led by Boris Johnson.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in Manchester, died in Sidcup. He was a leader of the Labour Party (UK) and was a member of the European Parliament.
Alison O'Donnell, who was associated with the Folk music of Ireland, was a member of the Flibbertigibbet, Mellow Candle, Floating World Records and was active in 1963.
The Deram Records record label is Stanyan Records, which is located in London. Alison O'Donnell is from Jazz, which is a derivative of Funk.
Alison O'Donnell's instrument is the Autoharp. She is from the Folk music genre of Jazz, which is derivative of Funk and Afrobeat.
Alison O'Donnell's instrument is the voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp and Jazz. The Jazz genre is derived from Blues and Afrobeat.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama in 1981. He was a solo singer and was born in Fort Campbell, Alabama.
Anders Osborne, who was born in the Wetlands, was a member of the associated band Billy Iuso and the associated musical artist, Voice of the Wetlands All Stars. He started his career in 1989 and has been active in the genre of rock music.
Anders Osborne is a Blues musician who has been active in the Blues genre since 1989. He is associated with the Blues band Galactic and the associated band is Tab Benoit and Billy Iuso.
Andra (born in Câmpia Turzii) is a singer, reality television judge and singer. She was born in 1986 and has been a solo singer.
Andra is a Romanian singer who was born in 1986. She was a solo singer and was a singer in the genre of Rhythm and Blues. She was born in Romania.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi,
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. He was a member of the Christian Burns and the associated band is Armin van Buuren. He started his career in 2009.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova. He was a member of the Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina bands and has been active in Trance music since 2009.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the associated band, Jwaydan Moyine and the associated musical artist, John Digweed and Christian Burns. He also has a string instrument.
Andrew White was a musician who was associated with the Kaiser Chiefs, Marry Banilow and Polydor Records. He started his career in 2003 and has been active since 2003.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell in Fort Campbell. He is a member of the hip hop music genre, which is influenced by Funk and Drum and bass.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981. He is a member of the hip hop music genre, which is influenced by disco and Funk. He is also a Drum and bass artist.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in Manchester, was a leader of the Labour Party in the UK. He died in Sidcup. The leader of London is the Parliament of the United Kingdom.
Agustín Barboza, who was born in Asunción, Paraguay, has died in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and the language spoken is Spanish.
Polydor Records is located in London and Andrew White (musician) is a musician in the Nu metal genre. He also has a record label called B-Unique Records.
Polydor Records is located in London. Andrew White (musician) is a member of Nu metal, Alternative rock and Universal Records.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a Blues band from the country of India. He has a guitar and is a member of the Rock music genre. His instrument is the guitar.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the Rock music genre, which is influenced by Blues and Bhangra. The instrument of Rock music is the Banjo.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Black metal band, Twilight. He has an electric guitar and is associated with the associated band, Old Man Gloom. His instrument is the electric guitar.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martínez are leaders. Uruguayan is the language spoken in Uruguay.
