Abilene Regional Airport serves Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid–Barajas Airport has a runway name of 18L/36R.
The ICAO Location Identifier for Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base has a runway length of 3684.0.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360.12.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol's 1st runway number is 18.
The 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is made of asphalt.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 'Kaagbaan'.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
Andrews County Airport has a runway length of 896.0.
Angola International Airport has a surface type of asphalt.
Antwerp International Airport is 12.0 metres above sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
Appleton International Airport has a runway length of 2439.0.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 518.0.
The ICAO Location Identifier for Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
Ashgabat International Airport's runway name is 11/29.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13/31.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
The demonym for Denmark is Danes.
Fallujah is in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is the language spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the region of New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force fought in the 1986 bombing of Libya.
Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is the transport aircraft used by the United States Air Force.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has to its southeast Carroll County, Maryland.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The prime minister of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is "Türk Şehitleri Anıtı".
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The 250 Delaware Avenue is a modern architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
320 South Boston Building was designed by George Winkler.
320 South Boston Building was built in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
James Pain and George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor.
Adisham Hall is located at Haputale.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
The reference number in the National Register of Historic Places for Asher and Mary Isabelle Richardson House is 88002539.
Julia Morgan designed Asilomar Conference Grounds.
Asilomar Conference Grounds are designed by the Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows.
Asilomar Conference Grounds was built in 1913.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Críona Ní Dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
Mulatu Teshome is the leader of Ethiopia.
Indian people are the demonym for India.
Julia Morgan is a significant building in Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
White South African is an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
1634: The Ram Rebellion has the ISBN number 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is published in print.
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom.
A Glastonbury Romance has the OCLC number 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in English.
A Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
Abhandlungen Aus Dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg ISSN number is 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil was published in print.
The Acta Palaeontologica Polonica ISSN number is 0567-7920.
The LCCN number of the Addiction journal is 93645978.
Addiction journal is an academic discipline.
Aenir is written in English.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English.
American Journal of Mathematics is an academic discipline.
Castle_(novel) is written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishing is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
John Cowper Powys worked at A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is published in the United States.
The Secret Scripture is published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
Rolando Maran is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.D. Isidro Metapán play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
A.F.C. Blackpool's fullname is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
The ground of AEK Athens F.C. is in Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014-15 Football League in Greece.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season.
Akron, Ohio is in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault's fullname is "Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault".
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam.
Christian Panucci played for Chelsea FC.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer played for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is in Umbria.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago played for A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger plays for 1 FC Koln.
Rolando Maran played for F.C. Bor in 1908.
Jong Ajax is the tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst.
St. Vincent-St Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
Kerala has to its northwest Mahé, India.
Mendrisio is located in the neighboring municipality of Meride.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
The dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is Thomas Pallesen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
Alan Bean is from the United States.
The backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin.
Buzz Aldrin graduated from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. in 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone found in California.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman is broadcasted by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bibbo Bibbowski's full name is Bo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Jon Valor is an alternative name for Black Pirate.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is from the United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Albany, Georgia is in the area code 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico's leader title is Mayor.
The leader title of Albuquerque, New Mexico is New Mexico House of Representatives.
Albuquerque, New Mexico's leader title is New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
Angola, Indiana is 324 metres above sea level.
Antioch, California is in the area code 925.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Attica, Indiana is 166.0 above sea level.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas.
Spanish is the language spoken in California.
Dunwoody is the largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is in the United States.
Portland, Oregon is the largest city in Oregon.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce.
White rice is an ingredient in Arròs negre.
Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia.
Arròs negre is from the region of Valencian Community.
Ayam Penyet is located in Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in BLT.
Baked Alaska is from the Hong Kong region.
Bakewell pudding is served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is a dish from Colombia.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Paisa region.
Barny cakes have a serving size of 30.0 g.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai.
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is found in the region of Indonesia.
Bhaji, bajji is an alternative name for Bhaji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Bionico is a variation of cottage cheese.
Bionico is located in the Jalisco region.
Chicken is a bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
The leader of Jalisco is Aristóteles Sandoval.
Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is the language spoken in New York.
Shumai is from China.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield which is nearest Frederick, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Its native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Akron, Ohio is located.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon and Salem, Oregon is the capital of Oregon.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Texas in the United States.
Anaheim, California is part of California which is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Anaheim, California is part of Orange County, California in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and an elevation above sea level of 13.0.
Arlington, Texas has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres and an elevation above sea level of 184.0.
Arlington, Texas is part of Texas in the United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States where Washington D.C. is the capital.
Amarillo Texas is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albuquerque, New Mexico is located.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Albany, Georgia is part of the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Auburn, Alabama is located.
English is the language spoken in the United States where Akron, Ohio is located.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the President of the United States.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from Italy.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where Arem-arem is from.
Arrabbiata sauce can be found in Italy where the language is Italian.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from Italy.
Arròs negre is from the Valencian Community in Spain.
The main ingredients of Asam pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia.
Club Sandwich is a dish variation of BLT.
The main ingredients of Bacon Explosion are sausage and bacon.
Bacon sandwich is an alternative name for bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
The BLT is a variation of the bacon sandwich which includes bread.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Manuel Valls.
Meringue is an ingredient in baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Bakso contains celery which is a member of the Apiaceae family.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which comes from Colombia.
Barny cakes come from France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Batagor which comes from Indonesia.
Batagor is a variation of Siomay that uses peanut sauce.
Palm sugar is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from Singapore.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Halimah Yacob.
Beef kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is from India where the demonym is Indian people.
Bhajji comes from India where the leader is T.S. Thakur.
Binignit comes from the Philippines where Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Banana is a main ingredient in Binignit which comes from the Philippines.
The main ingredients of Binignit are banana and sweet potato.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is from.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which comes from Guadalajara.
Bionico is a dessert that can be served with a cake.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where the leader is Joko Widodo.
Batagor is a variation of Shumai which includes Shiitake.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2777.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is 610 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where the language is Arabic.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The surface type of Alderney Airport is Poaceae which is classed as a Monocotyledon.
Alderney Airport has a runway length of 877.0 and is made of asphalt.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where the leader is Anwar Zaheer Jamali.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway length of 2900.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway length of 3800 metres and an elevation above sea level of -3.3528.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is located at -3.3528 metres above sea level. The surface type of the 1st runway is Asphalt.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves Amsterdam and has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the largest city is Houston.
Angola International Airport has a runway length of 3800.0 and is served by Luanda.
Ardmore Airport is located in New Zealand and has a runway length of 597.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is 211 metres above sea level and has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines which is the headquarter of Turkmenistan.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. The runway name is 4/22.
Atlantic City International Airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero which is located in Brasilia.
1 FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014-15 Regionalliga season.
A.C. Chievo Verona has 39371 members and is located in Verona, Italy.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for FC Dallas.
A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 season in Greece.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Blackburn Rovers FC.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Irlam Town FC.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and is located in Lancashire.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has a ground of Gubbio and has 5300 members.
A.S. Livorno Calcio play in the Serie B league and are located in Livorno.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for A.S Roma.
Paulo Sousa plays for Juventus FC and is the manager of ACF Fiorentina.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and its fullname is ACF Fioresntina S.p.A.
AEK Athens FC is located in Greece and has 69618 members.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague Greece and play at the Olympic Stadium in Athens.
The ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs) is Sportpark De Toekomst which is leased by Jong Ajax.
AZAL PFK play at the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Umbria.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of Empoli FC and plays for A.S. Roma.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint and preceded by The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Virginia DeMarce, is an E-book.
The abbreviation for AIP Adv. is AIP Adv and the EISSN number is 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and published in print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has an ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6 and a number of pages.
A Glastonbury Romance was written by John Cowper Powys and followed by Weymouth Sands.
A Long Long Way is available in print and paperback. The OCLC number is 57392246.
A Long Long Way has 292 pages and the ISBN number is 0-670-03380-4.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press which is owned by Penguin Random House.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in print.
A Severed Wasp has the OCLC number 8805735 and the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
A Severed Wasp is available in hardcover and has the OCLC number 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp was published in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Abhandlungenaus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is published by Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Julius Springer.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 and is a literary genre.
The OCLC number for Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100 and the ISBN number is 0-439-92550-9.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and followed by Alcatraz Versus the Scrivener's Bones.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., is an academic discipline.
The publisher of American Journal of Mathematics is Johns Hopkins University Press which is parent company to Johns Hopkins University.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where 1634: The Ram Rebellion was written.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published in the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Uab is the nickname of the 1 Decembrie University in Alba.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is B.M. Reddy.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala where the leader is Kochi.
April O'Neil was created in the United States by Peter Laird.
Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC and starred Jill Shilling.
Bananaman, starring Graeme Garden, was broadcasted by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire and starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 starring Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 starring Scott Adsit.
Baymax was created by Steven T Seagle and starred in Big Hero 6.
Ben Urich was created by comic book writer Roger McKenzie and his full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is Bo Bibbowski and he was created by Marv Wolfman.
Alan Bean, who was born on March 15, 1932, is retired.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who died.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey which is part of Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962. He is now retired.
108 St Georges Terrace was completed in 1988 and has a floor count of 50.
200 Public Square is located in the United States and has a floor count of 45.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has 60 floors.
320 South Boston Building was designed by George Winkler, who is from the United States.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE and it is located at the East Link Bridge.
3Arena is located in Dublin and was designed by Populous.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky in Copenhagen.
Adare Manor was completed in 1862 and was designed by George Richard Pain.
Adare Manor is located in Adare, County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abada, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and was designed by Tudor Revival architecture.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and is designed in Tudor Revival architecture.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan where Brazilians are an ethnic group.
The Akita Museum of Art is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori and has a floor count of 3.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka where Austin Fernando is the leader.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City which is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick and is part of Munster.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean is a US citizen who was born in Wheeler, Texas. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin, born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a United States national. Joe Biden is the leader of the United States.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See died in St. Louis in 1962 at the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See died in St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966 in St Louis, Kingdom of France.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages and was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written in English, spoken in Great Britain and preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair.
ACM Transactions on Information Systems is published by the Association for Computing Machinery in New York City and is led by Alexander L Wolf.
The HIV/AIDS journal has an ISSN number of 0269-9370.
The AIDS journal has an ISSN number of 1473-5571 and is academic discipline of HIV/AIDS.
AIP Advances is edited by A.T. Charlie Johnson, a Stanford University alma mater.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and has the OCLC number 51969173 and the ISBN number 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published in the English language by Soho Press in the United States.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with 388 pages and the OCLC number 8805735.
Abhandlungenaus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abbreviated to Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.) has an ISSN number of 1865-8784 and an LCCN number of 32024459.
Aenir, written in English, is followed by Above the Veil, which is also written in English.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix and followed by Above the Veil, is written in English.
Above the Veil, written by Garth Nix, is available in hardcover and has 248 pages.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has an ISSN number of 0567-7920 and an LCCN number of 60040714.
Addiction journal is abbreviated to Addiction and has an ISSN number of 1360-0443.
Addiction (journal) is published by Wiley-Blackwell, whose parent company is John Wiley & Sons. The ISSN number is 0965-2140.
Cornell University, affiliated with the Association of American Universities, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir was written in English by Garth Nix and followed by Above the Veil.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a hardcover book with 320 pages and the OCLC number 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States and is spoken in Great Britain.
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
Sara Miller McCune is the founder of SAGE Publications which has an ISSN number of 0001-8392.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and A Severed Wasp comes from.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group. Washington D.C. is the capital city.
A Wizard of Mars was published in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is called the President and the ethnic group is African Americans.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is from the United States where the leader is called the President and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The manager of FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for 1 FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schoeniche.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago who played for A.S.D. Licata in 1931 and A.S D S S Nola in 1925.
The full name of A.C. Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzanes SpA and they play in the Lega Pro/A league. They have 4150 members.
The manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan is Jorge Humberto Rodriguez who plays for Alianza F.C. and the El Salvador national football team.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis which has 1500 members.
A.F.C. Blackpool, whose fullname is Association Football Club Blackpool, is located in Blackpool and has 1500 members.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Chesterfield FC and Runcorn FC Halton.
The manager of A.F.C. Fylde is Dave Challinor who plays for Stockport County FC and Colwyn Bay FC.
A.S. Livorno Calcio S.p.A. has 19238 members and is located in Livorno, Italy. It's ground is in Livorno.
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio, who play in Serie B, where the champions are Carpi F.C.1909.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea FC.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague Greece where the champions are Olympiacos FC and the ground is in Greece.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam-Centrum which is the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs).
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Amsterdam-Noord which is the ground of AFC Ajax (amateurs).
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Luciano Spalletti, who plays for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C., is the manager of A.S. Roma.
Massimo Drago is the manager of S.S.Chieti Calcio and A.S.D. Licata 1931. He also played for AC Cesena.
Massimo Drago played for U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and A.S.D. S.S. Nola 1925. He is now manager of A.C. Cesena.
Massimo Drago, who plays for the U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and S.S. Chieti Calcio, is manager of A.C. Cesena.
John Madin was born in Birmingham and designed 103 Colmore Row.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Frank G Jackson is the leader of Cleveland.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
The architect of 320 South Boston Building is George Winkler who is from the United States. The building has 22 floors.
3Arena, designed by HOK SVE, was completed in December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has a floor count of 23.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has a floor count of 23.
Adare Manor was designed by Augustus Pugin who was born in Bloomsbury and is the architect of the Palace of Westminster.
Philip Charles Hardwick designed Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and was owned by J.P. McManus.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 in the Tudor and Jacabian style.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 in the Tudor and Jacabian style.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka where the capital is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte and the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Alan B Miller Hall was built in the United States on 30 March 2007 and is currently occupied by the Mason School of Business.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan who was born in San Francisco and designed the Riverside Art Museum.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is designed by Julia Morgan who was born in California and is a significant building in Chinatown San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located at Asilomars Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987. The reference number in the National Register is 87000823.
Asser Levy Public Baths was added to the National Register of Historic Places on the 23rd of April, 1980. It was built in 1904 and was completed in 1980.
Asser Levy Public Baths, located in New York City, was added to the National Register of Historic Places on April 23, 1904 and was constructed in 1904.
103 Colmore Row is designed by the architect John Madin who lives in Birmingham. The Conservative Party (UK) is the leader in Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin who was born in Birmingham and is the leader of the Liberal Democrats.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where the Addis Ababa City Hall is located.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat and is led by Anandiben Patel.
Marriott International is the tenant of Marriott International which is located in Bethesda, Maryland. Bill Marriott is the key person at Marriott International.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Georgia.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a leader title of New Mexico Senate.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. state of Georgia and is home to the Asian Americans.
Alpharetta, Georgia is in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres and an UTC offset of -7.
Anaheim, California is part of California and is led by the California State Senate which is located in the California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United states.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California which is led by the United States House of Representatives.
Arlington, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. The county seat is Fort Worth, Texas.
Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Atlanta has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347.1 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey and is the largest city in New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States. The largest city in Atlantic City is New York City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington, D.C. which is the capital of the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington (state) in the United States. Olympia is the capital of Washington.
Albany is part of Dougherty County, Georgia, which is part of Georgia (U.S. state). The capital of Georgia is Atlanta.
Madison County, Indiana is located in the United States and is the largest city in Anderson, Indiana.
Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of the United States and New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is English.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Washington DC.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Washington DC.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Akron, Ohio which is part of Summit County, Ohio.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States. Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Georgia is in the United States where one of the ethnic groups is African Americans and the language is English.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S. The runway name is 10R/28L and the runway length is 2776.0.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. Its runway length is 2003.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, part of the community of Madrid, Spain.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO Location Identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway length is 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which was involved in the 1986 bombing of Libya. The aircraft fighter is the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada. The aircraft fighter is the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle.
Alderney Airport serves Alderney in the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority (Jinnah International Airport).
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and has a runway name of 18L/36R with a length of 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is 210 metres above sea level in Maple Ridge Township, Michigan, United States.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas at 973 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1773.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and has a runway length of 896.0 and is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas where the capital city is Austin and the language is English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States where the demonym is Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the language spoken is German.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, headquartered at Four World Trade Center in New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where Lahore is served by the Allama Iqbal International Airport.
Adolfo Suarez-Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the Community of Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain where the leader party is Ahora Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian de los Reyes, Spain. The People's Party (Spain) is the leader party in Spain.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. Carroll County, Maryland is southeast of Adams County.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Gettysburg, Adams County, Pennsylvania and is located southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital city is Baku and the native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the Ataturk Monument is located in Izmir.
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arem-arem is a Javanese dish that contains compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arrabbiata sauce contains tomato which is a division of the flowering plant of the Solanaceae family.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of Rome in Italy.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata sauce which comes from the region of Rome in Italy.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the capital is Kuala Lumpur and the leader is Arifin Zakaria.
Ayam penyet is a food found in Malaysia, Indonesia and Malaysia. The Malaysian Chinese are one of the ethnic groups in Malaysia.
Lettuce is an ingredient in BLT, club sandwich and bacon sandwich.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the ethnic group is White Americans.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is John Roberts.
The BLT is a variation of the club sandwich which includes bread and bacon.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from the region of New York in France.
Baked Alaska comes from France where the leader is Manuel Valls and the currency is the Euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the United States and is found in New York.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert course.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almonds, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja paisa which is from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Barny cakes come from France where the leader is Claude Bartolone and the leader is Manuel Valls.
The main ingredients of Batchoy are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in beef kway teow which comes from Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia and contains oyster sauce.
Bhajji comes from India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Binignit contains banana and can be served as a dessert. It can also be served as part of a course.
Binignit contains sago and is a dessert that can be served as a dessert.
Binignit is a dish that can be served as a dessert. It contains taro and cookie.
Binignit comes from the Solanales order and contains banana as one of its main ingredients.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert in Mexico.
Raisin is an ingredient in Bionico which is found in Guadalajara, Mexico.
Bionico comes from Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the currency is the Mexican Peso.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the Igorot people and the language is Arabic.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan and the language is English.
Tomato is a member of the Solanales order and is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India. Its academic staff is 250.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala, which has to its northwest Mahé, India. The leader of Kerala is Kochi.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and the anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where one of the ethnic groups is the Germans of Romania and the leader is Klaus Iohannis.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, is affiliated with the European University Association headquartered in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University was established in 1928 in Aarhus, Denmark.
Asterix (comics character) was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo, both French people.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman, which was broadcasted by the BBC on April 15, 1986.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6, which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Big Hero 6, starring Scott Adsit, was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Big Hero 6 was produced by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Ryan Potter.
The comic character, Blockbuster, was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
The comic character, Bolt, was created by Dan Mishkin and Gary Cohn and is known as Larry Bolatinsky.
Bolt (comics character) was created by Ernie Colón and Gary Cohn and is known as Larry Bolatinsky.
Completed in 1973, 103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham and has 23 floors.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa, the capital city is Cape Town and the ethnic group is the Asian South Africans.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland.
250 Delaware Avenue in Buffalo, New York has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
300 North LaSalle, completed in 2009, has a floor area of 120770.0 square metres and 60 floors.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster and is part of the Republic of Ireland. It is owned by Live Nation Entertainment.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen. The hotel has a floor count of 23 and was designed by 3XN.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick, which is part of Munster. It is governed by the Limerick City and County Council.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita, which is part of Akita Prefecture in Japan. The ethnic group is Filipinos in Japan.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The museum is located in the country of Japan where the Vietnamese people are one of the ethnic groups.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way in Williamsburg, Virginia, was completed on 1 June 2009.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India which is led by Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan.
Asilomar Conference Grounds, located in Pacific Grove, California, was constructed in 1913 and was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987.
Asser Levy Public Baths were added to the National Register of Historic Places on the 23rd of April, 1904. The Baths were built in 1904 and are located at Avenue A (Manhattan). The Baths have reference numbers 80002709 and 1980-04-23.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City which is part of Manhattan and Brooklyn. Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader of New York City.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City which is part of Manhattan in the United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of New York City.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham. Andrew Mitchell is the leader of Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row is designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham which is the leader of the Labour Party in the UK.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India where Anandiben Patel and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Gujarat, India where the leader is T.S. Thakur.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are an ethnic group in Japan.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom where the capital is London and the leader is Elizabeth II.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the English language is spoken. Joe Biden is the President of the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in the state of Pennsylvania in the United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan and its native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is nearest to Frederick, Maryland.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the capital is Ankara and the material of the Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is bronze.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state) and is part of the United States. English is the language spoken in the U.S. and Native Americans are an ethnic group there.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 490.9 square kilometres.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state of Georgia. The county seat is in Atlanta.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Austin is the capital of Texas.
California State Assembly is located at the California State Capitol. It is the location of Anaheim, California which is part of the state of California. The leader title of California is California State Assembly.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union and has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Angola, Indiana has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California has a population total of 102372 and an area of 75.324 square kilometres. The UTC offset is -7 and the population total is 102372.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a leader title of Mayors of Atlantic City,New Jersey.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama which is in the state of Alabama. Auburn, Alabama has an ethnic group of Asian Americans.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, Alabama, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in Alabama.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington, which is part of King County, Washington in the United States. Washington is the capital of Washington, D.C.
Auburn, Washington is part of the United States and is part of King County, Washington. Washington is the capital of the United states.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas, the largest city is Houston and the county seat is San Marcos.
The Chinese language is spoken in California, which is part of the state of California. The California State Assembly is located at the California State Capitol and is the location of Anaheim, California.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia in the U.S. state of Georgia.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Indianapolis.
The English language is spoken in Texas, which is part of the United States. The largest city in Texas is Houston.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and one of the ethnic groups is African Americans.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is the President of the United States. The country is home to the city of Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader title is New Mexico Senate and the leader is John Sanchez.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States and is home to the Asian Americans. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama. The city of Albuquerque, New Mexico is in the United states.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where English is the official language and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken. Angola, Indiana is part of the United States.
Angolan, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. English is spoken there. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United states.
The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SV Zwickau and FSV Zwickau.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy and played for Carrarese Calcio.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy. He played for Torino FC, AC Chievo Verona and A.C. Lumezzane.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E Dimitra Efxeinoupolis. They play in the AEPSTH 2nd Group league and have 1500 members.
Stuart Parker (footballer) is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool who play in the ground at Blackpool which is owned by Stockport County FC. The leader of the UK is the Conservative Party.
Stuart Parker (footballer) is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool who play in the ground at Blackpool which is owned by Stockport County FC. Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool.
A.F.C. Fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season in Warton, Fylde, Lancashire.
AFC Fylde has 3180 members and played in the 2014 season at Bryning Lane. The club's fullname is "Association Football Club Fylde".
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina. He played for Juventus FC, Inter Milan and Maccabi Tel Aviv F.C.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague in Greece. They have 69618 members and played in the 2014 season.
AFC Ajax (amateurs) play at Sportpark De Toekomst, which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and Jong Ajax.
AFC Ajax (Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs) have 5000 members and their nickname is Joden, Godenzonen. They played in the 2014 season.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax. He also plays for the Netherlands national football team.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league. They play at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league in Brazil. They play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estádio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Akron Summit Assault is located in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital city is Rome.
Peter Stoger played for SK Vorwärts Steyr and FC Admira Wacker Mödling. He is the manager of 1 FC Koln.
Abilene Regional Airport is located in Abilene, Texas and serves the city of Abilene. The airport has a runway length of 2194.0 and a runway name of 17L/35R.
Adirondack Regional Airport is located in Lake Placid, New York and serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. The airport has a runway length of 2003.0 and is 507 metres above sea level.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas and is operated by ENAIRE. The runway name is 18L/36R and the runway length is 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has an IATA location identifier of AGR and an ICAO location identifier of VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway name is 08/26 and the length of the runway is 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The runway name is 09R/27L and the runway length is 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which is involved in the invasion of Grenada. The US Air Force has the McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle and the Lockheed AC-130 aircraft.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The airport has a runway length of 2900.0 and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway named 09/27 'Buitenveldertbaan' with a length of 2014.0 and a runway elevation above sea level of -3.3528.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway named 18L/36R 'Aalsmeerbaan' with a length of 2014.0 and a runway elevation above sea level of -3.3528.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and serves the city of Andrews. The airport has a runway length of 929.0 and is 973 metres above sea level.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States where the demonym is Tejano and the capital city is Austin.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States where the capital city is Austin and the language is English.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, Angola, which is part of Luanda Province. It serves the city of Luanda.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government. It is located 12 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 600.0.
Ashgabat International Airport is located in Turkmenistan, the capital city of which is Turkmenistan. The airport is operated by the Turkmenistan Airlines which is based at Turkmenbashi International Airport.
Athens International Airport is located in Spata and serves the city of Athens. The airport is 94 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 3800.0.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by South Jersey Transportation Authority which is led by Stephen Dilts. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey in the United States.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the leader is Charles Michel. The country's language is German.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the French language is spoken. Philippe of Belgium is the leader of Belgium.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York in Essex County, New York. Harrietstown, New York is part of the United States.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base is located in the city of Fallujah, Iraq. Fuad Masum is the leader of Iraq where Kurdish languages are spoken.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq where the leader is Haider al-Abadi and the language spoken is Kurdish.
Lahore is served by the Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan which is led by Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of Poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the order Commelinids.
Bananaman was broadcasted by the BBC in the city of London. The product is the BBC Radio which is located in the Broadcasting House.
Bananaman first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983. It was created by Steve Bright and starred Jill Shilling.
Baymax was created by the American Duncan Rouleau and starred in the film Big Hero 6.
Larry Bolatinsky is a Puerto Rican comic book character who was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colón.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint, born in Burbank, California. It was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and DeMarce short stories in the The Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al, has 512 pages and an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0.
AIDS_(journal) is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, whose parent company is Wolters Kluwer. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
A Fortress of Grey Ice, written by J.V. Jones, has an OCLC number of 51969173 and an ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where the ethnic group is Asian Americans and the language is English.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, has 560 pages and an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica's LCCN number is 83646315 and its abbreviation is Acta Math. Hungar. Its academic discipline is Mathematics and its ISSN number is 0236-5294.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the LCCN number 60040714 and the academic discipline of Paleobiology. It has the abbreviation "Acta Palaeonol. Pol." and the ISSN number 0567-7920.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences. The ISSN number is 1732-2421 and the LCCN number is 60040714.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities. It is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities and is located in Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, has 233 pages and an ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is published in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. The book is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
The American Journal of Mathematics was first published in 1878 and was published by Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. The parent company of Johns Hopkins University is Johns Hopkins University.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is from the United States where one of the ethnic groups is Asian Americans and the English language is spoken.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The language spoken in Great Britain is English.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. English is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the ethnic group is Asian Americans and the language is English.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas and was selected by NASA in 1963. He spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Chris Patten was a crew member of Apollo 8 and was born in British Hong Kong. Frank Borman was a crewmember of Apollo 8.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and was a fighter pilot. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. and was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He received 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Elliot See was born in Dallas and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin. He died in St. Louis.
William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, India. It was established in 2001 and is located in the country. The Ganges is a river in India.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum, India. It is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore, India. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai, India. It offers tennis and is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation.
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia, Alba County, Romania. Bucharest is the capital city of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its government is Magistrate.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala. It has 250 academic staff and a leader named Kochi.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania where the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania and the capital is Bucharest. The anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital city is Bucharest. Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania.
Amatriciana sauce originates from Lazio, Italy. The main ingredients are tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and tomato sauce.
Arrabbiata sauce comes from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia in Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre comes from the region of Catalonia, which is led by the Parliament of Catalonia. Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain.
Asam pedas is a dish from the region of Sumatra in Malaysia, where one of the ethnic groups is Malaysian Malay.
Asam pedas is a dish from the region of Sumatra, Malaysia, where the ethnic group is the Minangkabau people.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is John Roberts and the capital is Washington D.C. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Ketchup is one of the ingredients in the BLT dish, which is a variation of the club sandwich. The BLT is a dish from the United Kingdom.
The main ingredients of a bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
Baked Alaska is a dessert from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is found in Paris, New York or Hong Kong.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which comes from Hong Kong, France, United States or China.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which comes from Hong Kong in the United States.
Bakewell tart is a variation of Bakewell pudding which contains fruit preserves. It is found in the Derbyshire Dales region and is part of Derbyshire.
Bakso is a dish found nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
Kidney beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon are the main ingredients of Bandeja paisa. Bandeja Paisa
Bandeja paisa is from the Paisa region of Colombia. The main ingredients are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and
Barny cakes are found in France, where the French language is spoken and the leader is Gerard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Siomay and Shumai are variations of the dish Batagor which comes from Indonesia.
Batchoy is a dish from La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef.
Beef kway teow is found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. The main ingredients are Kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia where the leader is Halimah Yacob and the language is Standard Chinese.
Beef kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil are main ingredients in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region of India and is also known as Bhaji, bajji. Vegetable is one of the ingredients in Bhajji.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients are gram flour and vegetables. Bhajji can also be called Bhaji, bajji.
Sago is the main ingredient of binignit which comes from the flowering plant of the Solanales order.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk and sago.
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. Granola is an ingredient in Bionico.
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the course is cookie.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Tapioca is an ingredient.
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is a leader and Baduy is an ethnic group.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the ethnic group is the Ilocano people and the language is Philippine Spanish.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the Zamboangans are an ethnic group and the Igorot people are also an ethnic group. The language spoken in the Philippines is Arabic.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the language is Philippine English and the dessert is cookie.
Sandesh (confectionery) is a dish from the Philippines where the language is Philippine English and Binignit is a course.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written in English by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It was preceded by The Grantville Gazette and followed by Ring of Fire II.
Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities. Cornell University is located in Ithaca, New York and its president is Elizabeth Garrett.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group. English is the spoken language in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United states where the spoken language is English.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States. The country's ethnic group is Asian Americans and the English language is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and English is the spoken language. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Above the Veil is preceded by Aenir which is followed by Castle which is preceded by Into Battle which is followed By Aenir.
A severed Wasp is from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the ethnic group is Asian Americans. English is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp originates from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the spoken language is English. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
1634 The Ram Rebellion was preceded by 1634 The Galileo Affair which was written in the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the capital city is Washington DC. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United states.
1634 The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the demonym is Americans. The capital city is Washington D.C. and the ethnic group is African Americans.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is called the President. English is spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state) and is part of the United States. The leader of the U.S. is called the President and the ethnic group is Asian Americans.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the U.S. where the largest city is Atlanta. Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia which is the largest city in Georgia.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital city is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas which is in the United States. The English language is spoken in Texas and the capital city is Austin.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas which is located in the Potter County, Texas in the United States. The English language is spoken in Texas. The capital city is Austin.
Anderson, Indiana is part of the Fall Creek Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The population density is 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California. It is part of the San Francisco Bay Area and is governed by the California 11th State Assembly district. The English language is spoken in California.
Atlanta is part of DeKalb County, Georgia and has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre. It has a total area of 347.1 square kilometres.
Attica, Indiana is part of the United States and is located in Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. Attica has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, Alabama, United States. The capital city is Washington D.C. African Americans are an ethnic group in Alabama.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. It is part of King County, Washington and has a population density of 914.8 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas, where English is spoken. The largest city is Round Rock and the county seat is Georgetown.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas. The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is English.
Austin, Texas is part of Hays County, Texas. The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is Spanish.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Indianapolis and the language spoken is English Americans.
Fort Worth is a city in Tarrant County, Texas which is part of Tarrant county, Texas. The largest city in Texas is Houston. Spanish is spoken in Texas.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas, which is part of Tarrant County, Texas. The capital city is Austin, Texas.
The capital of the United States is Washington DC. New York City is part of New Jersey and the largest city is New York City. White Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the demonym is Americans and the capital is Washington DC. Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County in Oregon.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon and is home to the Asian Americans. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the demonym for Americans is Americans.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States which is part of Steuben County, Indiana. The language spoken in the United states is English and the demonym of Americans is Americans.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United states. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama which is in the state of Alabama. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in the United states. Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in Alabama. Opelika, Alabama is a county seat in Alabama.
Trenton, New Jersey is the capital of New Jersey. Trenton is the largest city in New Jersey and is home to the Native Americans. Trenton's largest city is Newark, New Jersey.
President Barack Obama is the leader of the United States which is part of New Mexico. The language spoken in Albuquerque, New Mexico is English.
The Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the language is English and the demonym is Americans. Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The capital city is Washington D.C. and Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is called the President and the demonym is Americans. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, northwest of Carroll County, Maryland. It belongs to the category of Contributing Property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, the capital of which is Baku. The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan, where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly.
The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The country's capital is Ankara and its largest city is Istanbul. The Ataturk Monument is located in Istanbul.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prab
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in Bangalore, India. It has 700 postgraduate students and its president is B.M. Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association headquarters in Brussels. The country's leader is the Monarchy of Denmark and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, India. It was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff. Mumbai is the largest city in India.
AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India. The country's leader is Kochi and its largest city is Mumbai.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. Aarhus has to its northeast Mols.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6 starring Alan Tudyk and Steven T. Seagle. He was created by American Duncan Rouleau.
Michele Marcolini is the manager of A.C. Lumezzane who play in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and Vicenza Calcio is the ground.
Stuart Parker (footballer) is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool who play at the Blackpool ground which is owned by the Labour Party (UK).
S.S.Robur Siena are the champions of Serie D in Italy where the language is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC. The stadium is located in Marousi and is the location of the Olympic Stadium (Athens).
The ground of A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the demonym is Italians. The capital city is Rome.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the official language is Italian and the leader is Sergio Mattarella. The capital city is Rome.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the currency is the Indonesian rupiah and the language is Indonesian. Arem-arem is found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
Asam pedas is a food found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia, where the ethnic group is Malaysian Chinese and the capital is Kuala Lumpur.
Asam pedas is a food found in Sumatra and Malay Peninsula in Malaysia. The country's capital is Kuala Lumpur and its ethnic group is Malaysian Malay.
Asam pedas is a food found in Malaysia where the ethnic group is Malaysian Malay and the capital is Kuala Lumpur. The food is also found in Sumatra.
Asam pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula in Malaysia where the leader is Abu Zahar Ujang and the ethnic group is Malaysian Malay.
Bacon Explosion comes from the Kansas City metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion originates from the United States where Paul Ryan is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group. The capital city is Washington D.C. and English is spoken.
Bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin are variations of the BLT dish. The main ingredients are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
Baked Alaska is a dish from France, where the leader is Manuel Valls and the language is French. Baked Alaska can also be found in Hong Kong.
Bandeja paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. It contains lemon, which is a member of the Rutaceae family.
Barny cakes are found in France, where the French language is spoken and the leader is Francois Hollande. Barny cakes can also be found in France where the leader is Gérard Larcher.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia where the dish Batagor is a variation of Siomay and Shumai. Peanut sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader and Siomay is a variation of Shumai.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is a leader and Shiitake is an ingredient. Shumai and Siomay are variations of this dish.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India where T.S. Thakur is the leader and Vajubhai Vala is the leader.
Bhajji comes from the Karnataka region of India where T.S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico where the leader is Enrique Peña Nieto and the language is Spanish. The dish is served with honey and is a dessert course.
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico where the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo and the dish is honey.
Carles Puigdemont and Felipe VI of Spain are leaders in Catalonia. Arròs negre is from the region of Catalonia.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Matteo Renzi and the language is Italian.
Amatriciana sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini.
Amatriciana sauce can be found in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital city is Rome. The country's language is Italian and the leader is Matteo Renzi.
Ayam Penyet is a Javanese dish that can be found nationwide, also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore. The main ingredients are chicken and fried chicken.
Ayam penyet is a dish from Singapore where the leader is Tony Tan and the language is English. Ayam Penyet originates from Java where the Javanese people live.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans and one of the languages is Arabic and the other is Philippine Spanish.
Ajoblanco originates from Andalusia, Spain where Susana Diaz is the leader and the Spanish language is spoken.
Ajoblanco is from Andalusia, Spain where the leader is Felipe VI and the demonym is Spaniards.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a crew member of Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. The commander of Apollo 8 was Frank Borman.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot and was a member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot for NASA and was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11 and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.
Alan Shepard died in California. He was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. Dianne Feinstein is a senator.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup which is part of the Central Denmark Region.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The airport has a runway length of 4100.0 and a runway name of 14L/32R.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The airport has a runway length of 1818.0 and an elevation of 167.94 metres above sea level.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. The ICAO location identifier for Al Asad airbase is ORAA and the runway length is 3990.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3992.88 and a runway name of 08/26.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which is led by General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon and the Boeing C-17 Globemaster III. Their aircraft carrier is the Lockheed AC-130 and their aircraft fighter is the General Dynamics F16 Fighting Falcon.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which is involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The US Air Force has the transport aircraft Lockheed C-130 Hercules and the attack aircraft Lockheed AC-130.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and is 88 metres above sea level. The 1st runway is made of Poaceae and has a length of 733.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. The airport has a runway length of 3310.0 and a runway name of 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan. It is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority and serves the city of Lahore. The airport's runway name is 18R/36L and its length is 2900.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena, Michigan, United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport has a runway length of 1533.0 and a runway name of 7/25.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena, Michigan and serves the city of Alpena. The airport has a runway length of 2744.0 and is 210 metres above sea level.
Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena, Michigan, United States. The airport is 210 metres above sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Angola International Airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo and serves the city of Luanda. The airport is 159 metres above sea level and has a runway named 05L/23R.
Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders in Greece where the language spoken is Greek. Athens International Airport serves the city.
Athens International Airport serves the city of Athens, Greece. The country's leader is Alexis Tsipras and the language spoken is Greek. Prokopis Pavlopoulos is the leader of Greece.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Brussels and is located in the city of Antwerp, Belgium. The leader of Belgium is Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel is the leader of the country.
The ICAO location identifier for Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is KACY. It is part of the Atlantic City International Airport which is located in Egg Harbor Township in New Jersey, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York, which is part of Harrietstown, New York. Adirondacks Regional Airport is located in the city of Lake Placid, New York in the United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York, which is part of Harrietstown, New York. Adirondacks Regional Airport is located in the city of Lake Placid, New York in the United States.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand and Awadh. It is operated by the Indian Air Force which has HAL Light Combat Helicopters.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. Uttar Pradesh is the location of Agra Airport which is operated by the Indian Air Force. The Indian Air Force has the HAL Light Combat Helicopter.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The leader of Iraq is Haider al-Abadi and the language spoken is Arabic.
200 Public Square was completed in 1985 in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and was designed in the postmodern architecture style. It has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. Marriott International is the foundation of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Denmark.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark. The hotel is owned by Marriott International, which was founded in Washington D.C. with Bill Marriott as its key person. The language spoken in Denmark is Greenlandic.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen is located in Denmark where the leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and the language is Greenlandic. The hotel is owned by Marriott International which was founded in Washington DC.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland which is led by Enda Kenny. The architect of Adare Manor was Augustus Pugin who was born in Bloomsbury.
Addis Ababa City Hall, completed in 1964, has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and a height of 42 m. It is owned by the Government of Addis Ababa.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The museum has a floor count of 3 and is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The country's leader is Tarō Asō and its ethnic group is Chinese.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia, United States. The architect is Robert A M Stern and the current tenants are the Mason School of Business at College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and the legislative assembly is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Ampara, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. The leader of the country is Ranil Wickremesinghe and the leader of the region is Austin Fernando.
Ampara Hospital is located in the Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka and the capital city is Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte.
The architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds is Julia Morgan who was born in San Francisco and was involved in significant projects at Hearst Castle, Asilomars State Beach and Los Angeles Herald Examiner.
Julia Morgan (born in San Francisco) designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and Riverside Art Museum. She also designed the Hearst Castle and Asilomars State Beach.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, New York, United States. Cyrus Vance Jr. is the leader of New York City.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham and is the leader of the city council. The postal code area is B postcode area and the governing body is Birmingham City Council.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is the President of the United States. The leader is Barack Obama.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located at Seminary Ridge in Adams County, Pennsylvania. The monument was established in 2000 and is categorised as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, west of Franklin County, Pennsylvania and southeast of Carroll County, Maryland. It belongs to the category of contributing property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is made of red granite and white marble. The capital city of Azerbaijan is Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Butuner and Hilmi Guner and is located in Azerbaijan. The country's leader is Artur Rasizade and its native name is Turk Sehitleri
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorized as a historic district in the United States.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot who spent 100305 minutes in space. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and served as a crew member of Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. Alan Shepard died in California.
Alan Bean (born Alan LaVern Bean) was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was Alfred Worden and the commander was David Scott. Alan Bean retired in June 1981.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 1963 with a Sc.D. and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was the backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D. in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. He retired on September 1st 1969. Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot of Apollo 8.
William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8. He graduated from AFIT with a M.S. in 1962 and was a crewmember of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot and Frank Borman was the operator. William Anders is retired.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, Karnataka, India, is affiliated with Visvesvaraya Technological University. It has 700 postgraduate students
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It was established in 2000 and its president is B.M. Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its leader is the Monarchy of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. The dean is Thomas Pallesen and the school is affiliated with the European University Association headquarters in Brussels.
The AWH Engineering College was established in 2001 in the state of Kerala, India. The country's leader is Kochi and its largest city is Mumbai.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its patron saint is Andrew the Apostle. One of the ethnic groups in Romania is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is located in Izmir, Turkey. It was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is made of bronze. The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu and the currency is the Turkish lira.
The Ataturk Monument (İzmir) in Izmir, Turkey was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932. It is made of bronze and is located in the capital city of Ankara.
The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The country's capital is Ankara and its currency is the Turkish lira. The country is home to the Atatürk Monument (İzmir) which was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996. Its dean is Mario Botta and its academic staff is 100.
The Acharya Institute of Technology, established in 2000, is located in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. The institute's motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai, Karnataka. Karnataka has to its northeast Telangana and the Arabian Sea.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Alba Iulia, Romania. The capital city is Bucharest and the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. The leader of Romania is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and the anthem is Deșteaptă-te, române!
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is affiliated with the European University Association. It was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. The dean of the school is Thomas Pallesen and the dean of the university is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It is affiliated with the European University Association which is headquartered in Brussels. The country's leader is the Monarchy of Denmark and its leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students. Its dean is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin with a B.S. in 1955. He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 12. He is now retired.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC with a M.A. in 1957. He served as a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1959. He died in California.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA. Alfred Worden was the backup pilot and David Scott was the commander.
Edwin E. Aldrin Jr. was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from Massachusetts Institute of Technology with a Sc.D. in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and was awarded 20 awards.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a crew member of Apollo 11 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11, which was operated by NASA. The backup pilot was William Anders.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8. He was a crew member on Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. Frank Borman and Buzz Aldrin were also crew members on Apollo 8. William Anders retired on 1969-09-01.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on October 17th, 1933. He served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 8 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Aaron S Daggett was awarded a Purple Heart.
Aaron S Daggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Abdul Rahman Ya'kub is inOfficeWhileVicePresident of Tuanku-Bujang-Tuanku Oman.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak party.
Abdul Rahman Taib Mahmud is the successor of Sulaiman Abdul Rahman.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was active in 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger state.
Abner W. Sibal was active in 1965-01-03.
Abner W. Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway's residence is Gravesend.
Adenan Satem is the alma mater of the University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis is inOfficeWhilePrimeMinister.
Adonis Georgiadis is the Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave was active from 1953-06-30.
Airey Neave was awarded a Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave is a Lieutenant Colonel.
Airey Neave started service in 1935.
Albert B White is a Republican Party member in the United States.
Agnes Ward White is the wife of Albert B White.
Albert Jennings Fountain is a member of the Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore scales was active in 1875-03-04.
Alfred Moore scales battles at Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred Phillips' office (workedAt, workedAs) was Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers was active in 1947-01-21.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army's military branch.
Allan Shivers was the successor to Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin was active in 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party in the United States.
Robert E Lee is the commander of the American Civil War.
The language of Austria is Austrian German.
Robert E Lee is the commander of the Battle of Antietam.
Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
The commander of Gulf War is Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy was the predecessor to Dwight D. Eisenhower.
Josef Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain was the predecessor of Francisco Franco.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party Argentina.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The 1955 Dodge Coronet was known as the "Dodge Coronet".
The 1955 Dodge engine was 230 cubic inches.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 7, 2005.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDAluna.
AIDAstella was christened on March 16, 2013.
AIDAstella was completed on 2011-03-11.
The maiden voyage of AID Astella was 2013-03-17.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AID Astella.
ALV-X-1 was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
AMC Matador is an alternative name for American Motors Matador.
ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) was sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a straight-four engine.
The engine used in the Acura TLX is the Honda K engine.
The layout of the Acura TLX is AWD.
Acura TLX is related to Honda Accord.
Acura TLX has a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic transmission.
Alfa Romeo 164 is assembled in Arese.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 has a transmission of 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE).
Samuda Brothers is the builder of Alhambra.
The shipBeam is 8.3 m long.
Alhambra has been wrecked.
Alhambra has a topSpeed of 18.52.
Alvis Speed 25 has a straight-six engine.
Alvis Speed 25 was built in 1937.
The shipDraft of the American submarine NR-1 is 4.6 m.
Antares (rocket) was final flight in 2014-10-28.
Antares (rocket) is launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Ariane 5 was launched from Guiana Space Centre.
Ariane 5 maiden flight took place in 2005-08-11.
Aston Martin V8 has a convertible body style.
Aston Martin V8 is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Aston Martin Virage is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Atlas II completed its final flight on March 16, 1998.
Atlas II was launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
Audi Brussels is the assembly location for the Audi A1.
Audi A1 is related to Seat Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Cociere is located in Genoa.
DeSoto Custom is related to Chrysler Newport.
Fiat Croma is related to Alfa Romeo 164.
The demonym for Germany is Germans.
Norbert Lammert is the leader of Germany.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
Guiana Space Centre is the headquarter of Kourou, French Guiana.
Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
The anthem of the United States is The Star-Spangled Banner.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A.C. Milan's chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic football team.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay national football team.
Abner (footballer) was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadhim Assad played for the Iraq national football team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League.
Al-Zawra'a SC is managed by Basim Qasim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC plays in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra plays for Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C.
Alan Martin played for Scotland National Under 19 Football Team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. has a height of 1.905.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. plays for the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on 24 February 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgia national under-21 football team.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus played in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Atlanta Falcons play in the city of Atlanta.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of Boston Bruins.
Budapest is in Hungary.
English is the language spoken in Canada.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets play in Columbus, Ohio.
Oleh Luzhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
Valery Petrakov is the manager of FC Torpedo Moscow.
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
Finnish is spoken in Finland.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of Italy national under 16 football team.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
Fir Park is the ground of Motherwell FC.
Olympique Lyonnais is owned by Jean-Michel Aulas.
St. Louis Rams is located in the city of St. Louis.
The Tennessee Titans play in Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram was active in 1998.
Aaron Deer's associated band/associated musical artist is The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer's record label is Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner is a genre of Avant-garde metal.
Aaron Turner is a progressive metal artist.
Abradab is a solo singer.
Abradab was born on November 12, 1978.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is a Hip-hop music genre.
Agustín Barboza is a Guarani musician.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is a rock musician.
Albennie Jones is associated with Sammy Price.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is a rhythm and blues artist.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Soul music artist.
Alex Day is a Synthpop artist.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's associated band/associated musical artist is Héctor Numa Moraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell was active in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz artist.
Alison O'Donnell's instrument is voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on April 3, 1981.
Allen Forrest is a pop musician.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne is an associated band/associated musical artist.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues artist.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records.
Andra (singer) is a rhythm and blues artist.
Andrew Rayel was active in 2009.
Andrew Rayel's associated band/associated musical artist is Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White (musician) is associated with Marry Banilow.
Andrew White (musician) has a B-Unique Records record label.
Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
The instrument used by Christian Burns is a guitar.
Hip_hop music is a genre of Gangsta rap.
Hip hop music is influenced by Funk.
Indie rock is influenced by New wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
Sony Music Entertainment is the distributing company for RCA Records.
Blues is the origin of rock and roll.
Synthpop originated from Pop music.
The British people are the demonym of the United Kingdom.
The density of (19255) 1994 VK8 is 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
Carl A. Wirtanen was the discoverer of 29075.
The absolute magnitude of the 2009 FD was 22.1.
259776702.47055 (kilometres) is the apoapsis of 2009 FD.
The apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres) in 1998.
(66063) 1998 RO1 was epoch 2013-11-04.
1000 Piazzia's escape velocity is 0.0252 km/s.
1001 Gaussia was formerly known as "1923 OAA907 XC".
1001 Gaussia has a maximum temperature of 165.0 Kelvin.
101 Helena has apoapsis of 441092000.0 km.
101 Helena was launched in 2006-12-31.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s.
The absolute magnitude of 103 Hera is 7.66.
103 Hera has a mass of 7.9 kilograms.
107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
107 Camilla was the discoverer of A Storrs.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD.
The orbital period of 1089 Tama is 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometres per second.
1097 Vicia was launched in 2006-12-31.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters was the discoverer of 109 Felicitas.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s.
1101 Clematis has a periapsis of 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia was released in 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 Kelvin.
James Craig Watson graduated from the University of Michigan.
N.R.Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart at the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Aaron S Daggett won the Purple Heart at the Battle of Gettysburg.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and played for Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and graduated from the Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, born in Niger, is the Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abdulsalami Abubakar, successor to Al-Amin Daggash, is the Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Olusegun Obasanjo was the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar who was active in 1999-05-29.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor to Abdulsalami Abubakar who is inOfficeWhileVicePresident.
Abner W. Sibal fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Abner W. Sibal is a member of the United States Army which fought in the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended the Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and lived in Gravesend.
Adam Koc won the Virtuti-Militari award in World War I.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and was a Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and was a Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf. She was a Parliamentary Group Leader.
Airey Neave was awarded a Military Cross by the Royal Artillery.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France from 1974-03-04.
Hugo Sperrle is the commander of Airey Neave.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II.
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Franklin Roosevelt was commander.
Airey Neave fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Albert B White was born on June 22, 1856 and died on September 22, 1941.
Albert B White was born on the 22nd of September, 1856.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain, who died in New Mexico Territory, was Vice President of the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain, born in New York City, is a Republican Party member.
Alberto Teisaire was a Provisional President of the Argentine Senate who was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.
Governor of North Carolina, James W. Reid, is the successor to Alfred Moore Scales who worked at the Governor's office.
Alfred Moore Scales was the successor to Daniel Gould Fowle who graduated from Princeton University.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and worked for the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred Phillips served in the United States Army which fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur).
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) and was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd of October, 1793 and served as Secretary of State of Vermont.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia in the United States.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and played for the Wichita Thunder.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol who are managed by Jorge Orosmán da Silva.
Abel Hernández played for the U.S.Città di Palermo and played for Peñarol.
Adam Maher plays for AZ Alkmaar and plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven and plays for the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadim Assad played for Steel Azin FC and Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams plays for Ferencvárosi TC who are managed by Thomas Doll.
Akeem Adams played for T&TEC Sports Club and played for Trinidad and Tobago national football team.
Akeem Ayers was drafted 39th overall by the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers was drafted 39th overall by Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies and is a member of the Sheikh Russel KC club.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS and is a member of the club Sheikh Russel KC.
Al-Khor Sports Club is located in Al-Kor and has a ground at Al Khor Sports Club.
Al Kharaitiyat SC's manager is Amar Osim and they play in the Al Kharaitic club.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Leeds United F.C. and is a member of the Hamilton Academical Football Club.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical F.C. who play at New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. played for the Florida Panthers from 1995 to 1999.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland and played for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow who are managed by Valery Petrakov.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Tom Tomsk in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Dinamo Batumi and plays for FC Karpaty Lviv.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
Alex Tyus was born on 08/08/1988 in Pallacanestro Cantù.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv B.C. and is a member of the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and is the leader of the Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada and speaks English.
Aleksandre Guruli is the manager of FC Dinamo Batumi.
Aleksandr Prudnikov and FC Spartak Moscow play at Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS in the Veikkausliiga league.
Akeem Adams is a member of the United Petrotrin F.C. who play at the Palo Seco Velodrome.
Guitarist Aaron Deer plays Psychedelia.
Aaron Deer was born in Indiana and came to the United States.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and is associated with the electroacoustic music genre.
Aaron Turner is a singer in the Avant-garde metal genre.
Abradab is associated with Magik (rapper) and Kaliber 44.
Abradab was born on 12/12/1978 in Katowice.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop musician who originated in the disco genre.
Ace Wilder was a solo singer for Warner Music Group.
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay and his record label is Philips Records.
Alan Frew is a rock musician. Bhangra is a genre of rock music.
Alan Frew is a rock musician from the country music genre.
Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer from the Pop music genre.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Blues artist.
Aleksandra Kovač has been active in Soul music since 1990.
Synthpop is a genre of Synthpop that originated in New Wave music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer in the Milonga genre.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer in the Taquirari genre.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer from the Zamba (artform) genre.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk rocker who released a record label called Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician with a voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer from the hip hop genre.
Andrew White is a Christian alternative rock musician.
Anders Osborne is a member of the associated band/associated musical artist, Phil Lesh and Friends.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues artist from Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues artist from Shanachie Records.
Andra has been active in pop music since 2000.
Andra is a blues singer.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
Jwaydan Moyine and Armin Van Buuren are the associated bands of Andrew Rayel.
Andrew White (musician) is a New wave musician.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the country music genre.
Andrew White (musician) recorded Polydor Records in London.
Escape velocity is 0.0925 km/s and apoapsis is 6603633000.0 km/s.
The minimum temperature is 211.0°C and the apoapsis is 259776702.47055 (kilometres).
The periapsis is 88234300000.0 and the discoverer is Spacewatch.
In 2013-11-04, the escape velocity was 0.0999 km/s and the epoch was 2013-11 -04.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an orbital period of 16244700.0 and an epoch of 2004-07-14.
(66391) 1999 KW4 has an epoch of 2004-07-14 and a rotation period of 9953.28.
101 Helena was the discoverer of James Craig Watson who died from Peritonitis.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 km/s.
Walter Baade was born in Germany and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade, a German, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
103 Hera was discovered by James Craig Watson who died from Peritonitis.
103 Hera was discovered in Canada by James Craig Watson.
N.R. Pogson was born in Nottingham and was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama was formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB.
1089 Tama has a temperature of 179.0 Kelvin and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 Kilometres.
1097 Vicia has an epoch of 2006-12-31 and a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000.0 (kilometres) and a temperature of 170.0°C.
109 Felicitas has an epoch of 2006-12-31 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
10 Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and a temperature of 164.0°C.
10 Hygiea, which was formerly known as A900 GA, has an epoch of 2015-06-27.
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and was launched in 2006-12-31.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 metres.
A-Rosa Luna has a length of 125800.0 (millimetres) and was ordered on 22nd of January 2004.
AIDA Cruises is located in Germany and is operated by AIDA Cruisers.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock and is operated by AIDA Cruisers.
AIDAluna has a top speed of 40.744 and a length of 252000.0 metres.
AIDAstella was christened on March 16, 2013 at a length of 253260.0 millimetres.
The builder of ALCO RS-3 is Montreal Locomotive Works.
ALV-X-1 is a rocket stage with a diameter of 1.524 metres.
AMC Matador was built in Kenosha, Wisconsin in 1974.
AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague who was employed by Chrysler.
The length of ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 (millimetres).
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to the Saab 9000 and has an assembly in Milan.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Fiat Croma and has an assembly in Italy.
The assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 in Italy is Lancia Thema.
Alvis Speed 25 is manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company located in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
Eagle (automobile) is the successor to AMC Matador.
Antares (rocket) was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport on 2014-01-09.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo is located.
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of Ariane 5, the launch site is ELA-3.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space which is the manufacturer of Ariane 5.
Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1 and is manufactured in the United Kingdom.
Aston Martin Virage is the successor to Aston Martin V8 which was manufactured by Aston Martin.
Aston Martin V8 is related to Aston Martin DBS and is successor to Aston Martin Virage.
Aston Martin V8 is a successor to Aston Martin Virage which is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Atlas II, with a diameter of 3.04 m, was launched on March 16, 1998.
Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Audi e-tron is the manufacturer of Audi A1.
Audi is a subsidiary of Ducati.
Audi A1 is a subsidiary of Quattro GmbH.
Douglas R Oberhelman is the key person of AIDAluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc.
Antares (rocket) is comparable to the Delta II launch site at Vandenberg AFB.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is the builder of Finland where the leader is Juha Sipilä.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat.
Rolls-Royce Holdings owns MTU Friedrichshafen.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where Aston Martin V8 is made.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and attended Erasmus University Rotterdam. Ab Klink's party is Christian Democratic Appeal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud (born in Kingdom of Sarawak) is the successor to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger State. He was employed at the Technical Institute, Kaduna and was Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria).
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the successor to Olusegun Obasanjo who is in office while Vice President at the Nigerian Air Force.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the successor to Olusegun Obasanjo who is in office while Vice President at the Nigerian Army.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) and was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W. Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Abner W. Sibal was born in Ridgewood,Queens and served as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Adam Holloway was a member of the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War. The commander of the Gulf War was George H W Bush.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and attended the Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is a Conservative Party member.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and served in the Polish–Soviet War where Leon Trotsky was commander.
Adam Koc fought in the Polish–Soviet War, which is part of the Russian Civil War. Leon Trotsky is the commander of the Polish-Soviet War.
Adonis Georgiadis is a deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally who was born in Athens.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and worked as a minister for health at the Ministry of Health.
Antonis Samaras and Adonis Georgiadis are members of the New Democracy (Greece) party. Blue is the colour of New Democracy.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and attended the Radboud University Nijmegen. She was a member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave fought in World War II and was active from 1953-06-30 to 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave was active in World War II from 1974-03-04 to 1979-03-30.
Albert B White was born on June 22nd, 1856 and died on March 3rd, 1941.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta Ohio and her husband Albert B White was succeeded by William M O Dawson.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island in New York City and died in New Mexico Territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain, born in Staten Island, New York, died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires City Legislature. Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral who was born in Mendoza, Argentina and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach, born in Austria, died in Graz.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien,Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district.
Allan Shivers served as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) from the Democratic Party (United States). He was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins Jr.Jr.
Alvah Sabin was born in Burlington, Vermont on 03/03/17.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October, 1793. He is a member of the Whig Party in the United States.
Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in Georgia, Vermont. Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia.
Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the American Civil War and Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States.
Alfred Moore Scales served as commander of the American Civil War and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the County of Tyrol and died in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) and died in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria. He was the leader of Austria.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church which is part of the American Civil War. Robert E. Lee was the commander of the battle.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam and is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Adam Koc is from Poland where the language is Polish and the ethnic group is Kashubians.
The escape velocity is 0.0925 km/s and the mass is 5.6 kg. The apoapsis is 6603633000.0 km/s.
(410777) 2009 FD has an orbital period of 39447000.0 and a periapsis of 88234300000.0.
The minimum temperature is -71.0°C and the maximum temperature is 500.0° C. The apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
The KW4 has an average speed of 37.16 km/s and an apoapsis of 162164091.8388 km/s.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an epoch of 2015-06-27.
1001 Gaussia, formerly known as "1923 OAA907 XC", has an epoch of 2015-06-27 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms and an escape velocity of 0.0348 kilometres per second. Its apoapsis is 441092000.
Walter Baade was born in Germany and studied at the University of Göttingen. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin on August 27, 2011.
103 Hera was the discoverer of James Craig Watson who died in Madison, Wisconsin.
103 Hera has an orbital period of 1622.213 days and an apoapsis of 437170000.0 km.
The escape velocity is 0.0482 (kilometrePerSeconds) and the temperature is 170.0 (kelvins). The apoapsis is 437170000.0 (kilometres).
N.R.Pogson, born in Nottingham, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1089 Tama has an epoch of 2005-11-26 and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres) and a periapsis of 288749000000.0 (km).
1097 Vicia, formerly known as "1928 PC", has an epoch of 2006-12-31 and a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7.5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000.0.
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and an apoapsis of 523329000.0 (kilometres).
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s and an orbital period of 5.57 days.
10 Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km/s.
10 Hygiea has a surface area of 837080.744 (squareKilometres) and a apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres).
110 Lydia has an epoch of 2006-12-31 and a mass of 6.7 kg and a periapsis of 377016000000.0.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and a apoapsis of 440756000.0 (kilometres) in 2006-12-31.
Aaron Bertram is a musician associated with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends.
Aaron Deer, who is from Indiana, was originally from the United States.
Aaron Deer was born in the United States and his genre is Psychedelia.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Black Metal band Greymachine and is associated with the Black Metal genre.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Drone music genre and is associated with the band Greymachine.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and is associated with Mamiffer.
Aaron Turner is a Black metal musician who plays electric guitar. He is also a member of the Death metal genre.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who sings in death metal.
Magik (rapper) and Kaliber44 were born on 12 November 1978.
Abradab originated from Katowice and is associated with Magik (rapper) and Kaliber 44.
Ace Wilder is a genre of hip hop music that originated in the disco genre.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción. Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the Rock music genre and is associated with the NRBQ band.
Alan Frew is a rock musician who originated from the country music genre Bhangra.
Albennie Jones is a jazz musician from the Afrobeat genre.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata, Mississippi and is a member of the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Aleksandra Kovač is a member of the K2 Sisters Duo and is associated with Bebi Dol and K2 (Kovač-sisters-duo).
Aleksandra Kovač is an artist associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač. Her genre is Pop music.
Aleksandra Kovač is a member of the K2 Sisters Duo and is associated with Kristina Kovač and K2 (Kovač-sisters-duo).
Synthpop is a genre of pop music that originated in disco.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in England, died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in Manchester, United Kingdom, died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, leader of the Labour Party (UK). He died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones died in Sidcup, London, where Boris Johnson is the leader.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Flibbertigibbet, Mellow Candle and Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell is a Folk musician associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who uses voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell's Jazz record label is Static Caravan Recordings.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and is a solo singer.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and has been a solo singer.
Andrew White (musician) is a New wave musician. Alternative rock is a genre of Nu metal.
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit and Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne's record label is Rabadash Records and he is a rock musician. Bhangra is a genre of rock music.
Andra (singer) is associated with Puya (singer), CRBL and Dance-Pop.
Andra (singer) is associated with Andreea Bălan and Marius Moga.
Andra (singer) was a solo singer in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns and is a Trance musician.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina. He is a Trance musician.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the associated band Jwaydan Moyine and the associated musical artist is Christian Burns.
Andrew White (musician) was a member of the Marry Banilow, Kaiser Chiefs and Universal Records (defunct record label).
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Suburban Legends and is associated with the genre of Ska Punk.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata,Mississippi and is an African American.
The 1955 Dodge Coronet has a 3-speed automatic transmission and a V8 engine.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 (millimetres) and was ordered 2004-01-22.
A-Rosa Luna has a top speed of 24.0 and a length of 125800.0 metres.
Costa Crociere is the owner of AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany and is operated by AIDA Cruisers.
The christening date of AID Astella is 2013-03-16 and it has a length of 253260.0 (millimetres).
The ALCO RS-3, built by American Locomotive Company, has a length of 17068.8 metres and a four-stroke engine.
The ALCO RS-3, built by American Locomotive Company, has a length of 17068.8 metres and a V12 engine.
American Locomotive Company, founded in Schenectady, New York, is the builder of ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres.
ALV-X-1 originates from the United States where the ethnic group is African Americans and the demonym is Americans.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington DC. ALV-X-1 originates from the United States.
ALV-X-1 is a rocket stage with a diameter of 1.524 metres and a total launch of 1,000.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and has a straight-four engine.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a wheelbase of 2160.0 and a width of 1.55.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and is 21.2 metres long.
Alfa Romeo 164 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome and the transportation is Fiat Croma.
Alfa Romeo 164 is located in Italy where the capital is Rome and the transportation is Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema. The assembly is Arese.
Alfa Romeo 164, which is related to Fiat Croma and Saab 9000, has an assembly in Milan.
Alhambra is a ship with a length of 63800.0m and a length of 1855-05-31.
The shipBeam is 8.3 m and the shipLaunch was 1855-05-31.
Alvis Speed 25 is a petrol engine manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company founded in Coventry.
Roy Chapman, Jr. is the key person of AMC Matador, which was manufactured by American Motors.
Antares is a rocket manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office in the United States.
Antares(rocket) is a medium expendable launch system manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and launched from Guiana Space Centre.
Aston Martin V8, which is related to the Aston Martin DBS, has an engine of 5.3 litres and an assembly of Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom.
Aston Martin V8 is based in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litre V8 engine.
Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in the United States and was launched at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Atlas II originates from the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group. The leader is called the President of the United States.
Atlas II is launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at Spaceport Florida Launch Complex 36 in the United States.
Audi Brussels built the Audi A1 which has a 1.2 litre engine and a hatchback body style.
Audi is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 which is related to Volkswagen Polo and Seat Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in Peoria, Illinois and is located in California. Caterpillar Inc.'s power type is Caterpillar Inc..
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Illinois and is owned by AIDA Cruises.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
Antares (rocket) is comparable to Delta II which was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
Guiana Space Centre is the headquarter of French Guiana and ELA-3 is the launch site for the Ariane 5.
Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana and ELA-3 is the launch site for the Ariane 5.
Neptun Werft, the builder of A-Rosa Luna, is located in Rostock, Germany.
Atlas II originates from the United States where the demonym is Americans and the ethnic group is African Americans.
Aaron Hunt played for VfL Wolfsburg, SV Werder Bremen and Goslarer SC 08.
Aaron Hunt played for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández plays for the Central Español youth club and the U.S.Città di Palermo club.
Abel Hernández, who plays for the Central Español youth club, plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo club.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and played for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams played for the club W Connection F.C. and played for the United Petrotrin F.C in Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams in the second round.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by St. Louis Rams in the 2nd round.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and plays for Shabab Al-Ordon Club. He is a member of the Iraq national under-20 football team.
Al Kharaitiyat SC play at the ground Al Khor, Al Khor is the home ground of Al Kharaitaliyat SC and Al Kharaiteriyat SC is the club Shabab Al Ordon Club.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1, 1989 in Clyde F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for the Accrington Stanley F.C. and is a member of the Motherwell Football Club.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 in Tampere, Finland. He played for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995. He was drafted by the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia. Vladimir Putin is the leader of Russia.
The birthdate of Aleksandr Prudnikov is 1989-02-24. He played for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989. He played for FC Tom Tomsk and is a member of the Russian national football team.
Aleksandre Guruli played for Olympique Lyonnais and played for AZAL PFK.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the US Lesquin club and plays at Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for the A.C. Milan who are managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of U.C. Sampdoria and Alessio Romagnoli plays for AC Milan.
Alessio Romagnoli played for Italy national under 16 football team and coach Daniele Zoratto.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and plays for the U.C. Sampdoria.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and played for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in Canada and played for Anyang Halla. He has a height of 1.9304.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who play in the Euroleague.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of the Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who play in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The ground of FC Spartak Moscow is Otkrytiye Arena and Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala, plays for FC Spartak Moscow at Otkrytiye Arena.
Aleksandr Chumakov and Valery Petrakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15.
Abel Hernández plays for Hull City AFC and is a member of the Uruguay Olympic football team. He is the manager of Hull City A.F.C.
Aleksandr Chumakov, born in Moscow, died in Russia.
Luis Miguel Ramirez is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla, who play in the Brazilian national under-20 football team.
Abner (footballer) played for Real Madrid Castilla and C.D.FAS. Luis Miguel Ramirez is the manager of Real Madrid Castillas.
Alex Tyus was born in St Louis which is part of Greater St Louis. Francis G Slay is the leader of St Louis.
Akeem Ayers played for the New England Patriots before joining the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago national under-20 football team and plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. club.
Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen II who play in the 3. Liga.
Abel Hernández played for the Central Español youth club and played for Hull City A.F.C. The manager of Hull City A F.C. is Steve Bruce.
Abel Hernández plays for the Peñarol youth club in the U.S.Città di Palermo. Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of the club.
Abel Hernández, who plays for Peñarol, plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo. The club is in Serie A and the manager is Giuseppe Iachini.
Adam McQuaid was born in Prince Edward Island on October 12, 1986. He weighed 94.8024 kilograms at the time.
Adam McQuaid played for the Boston Bruins and was drafted by Columbus Blue Jackets general manager Don Sweeney.
Akeem Ayers was born on July 10th, 1989 in St. Louis Rams. He played for Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Houston Texans.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Atlanta Falcons and Houston Texans.
Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is Al Khor and Alaa Abdul-Zahra's club is Al Zawra'a SC and their manager is Amar Osim.
Al Kharaitiyat SC play in the Al Kharaitaliyat SC ground in Al Khor, Iraq. The club's manager is Amar Osim and they play in the Iraq national under 23 football team.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is a club based in Al Khor. They play in the Al Kharaitaliyat SC ground and are managed by Amar Osim.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1st, 1989 in Hamilton Academical F.C. and plays for Crewe Alexandra FC.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1, 1989 in Glasgow. He played for Crewe Alexandra FC and played for Scotland National Under-21 Football Team.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989. He played for FC Kuban Krasnodar, FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989. He played for FC Rubin Kazan and played for FC Spartak Moscow. He is 185.0 cm tall.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi and played for FC Zestafoni before joining FC Karpaty Lviv. He is 178.0 centimetres tall.
Alex Plante was born on May 09, 1989 in Canada. He played for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in Canada in 1989 and played for Anyang Halla. He has a height of 1.9304.
O Canada is the anthem of Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and the language is Inuktut. Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and the anthem is O Canada. Asian Canadians are an ethnic group in Canada.
Elizabeth II and Aaron Boogaard were born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada and the language is Slavey.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Terek Grozny and FC Kuban Krasnodar. The club manager is Rashid Rakhimov and the ground is Grozny.
Aleksandr Chumakov is the chairman of FC Torpedo Moscow, which played in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15. The club's manager is Valery Petrakov and their manager is Aleksandr Tukmanov.
Akeem Dent was a member of the Houston Texans who played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Abel Hernández played for Hull City A.F.C. and played for Peñarol in the Uruguayan Primera Division. Steve Bruce is the manager of Hull City A F.C.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has an orbital period of 8788850000.0 and an apoapsis of 6603633000.0 (kilometres) and a periapsis of 6155910000000.0 (km).
The escape velocity is 0.0999 km/s and the apoapsis is 254989570.60815 km/s. The epoch is 2013-11-04 and the orbital period is 360.29 days.
The mean temperature is 265.0 (kelvins) and the apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres). The epoch is 2013-11-04 and the orbital period is 360.29 days.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 (kilometrePerSeconds).
Sergey Belyavsky is the discoverer of 1001 Gaussia, which was discovered on July 27, 2015. It has an epoch of 2015-06-27 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade who was born in Germany and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Allan Sandage as his doctoral student.
Walter Baade, born in Preußisch Oldendorf, was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen and died in West Germany. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Halton Arp is the alma mater of the University of Göttingen.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison, Michigan. He was the discoverer of 103era.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison,Wisconsin. His nationality is Canada and his apoapsis is 437170000.0 (kilometres).
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison,Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103era.
N.R.Pogson was born in Nottingham and died in Chennai. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 (kilometres).
N.R.Pogson was born in Nottingham on March 1, 1901 and died in Chennai on March 1st, 2001.
1089 Tama, formerly known as A894 VA; A904 VD, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000.0.
The escape velocity is 0.0068 km/s and the orbital period is 1202.846 days. The apoapsis is 373513000.0 km/s.
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kilograms and an orbital period of 135589000.0 and an apoapsis of 511592000.0 km.
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0473 (kilometrePerSeconds).
10 Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000.0.
1101 Clematis has an apoapsis of 520906000.0 (kilometres) and an escape velocity of 0.02 (kilometre per second) and an orbital period of 183309000.0.
1101 Clematis has an orbital period of 183309000.0 and a periapsis of 445895000000.0 and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 km/s and an orbital period of 183309000.0. It has a periapsis of 445895000000.0 and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
1955 Dodge has a V8 engine with a 3-speed automatic transmission and a wheelbase of 120.0 inches.
Chrysler Newport is the successor to DeSoto Custom which was manufactured by DeSoto(automobile) and is related to Dodge.
AIDA Cruises is located in Rostock and is operated by AIDA Cruisers who are the builder of AIDA Astella which is owned by Costa Cociere.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDA Astella which has a length of 253260.0 (millimetres) and is built by Meyer Werft and Costa Crociere.
American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 in May 1950 - August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a Diesel-electric transmission.
American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres and an engine of V12. It was built in May 1950 - August 1956.
American Locomotive Company, founded in Schenectady, New York, is the builder of ALCO RS-3, which is 17068.8 millimetres long.
Montreal Locomotive Works built the ALCO RS-3 in May 1950 - August 1956. It has a V12 engine and a Diesel-electric transmission.
ALCO RS-3 was built by Montreal Locomotive Works in May 1950 - August 1956 and has a cylinder count of 12 and a four-stroke engine.
AMC Matador is a station wagon that is made in Mexico City and has an AMC V8 engine.
AMC Matador is a mid-size car with an AMC straight-6 engine. It is made in Kenosha, Wisconsin.
The Acura TLX is a mid-size car with a front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive layout and a Honda K engine.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle with a V6 engine and a front-engine layout. It was designed by Marysville Auto Plant.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is currently in service at Finland's Arctech Helsinki Shipyard. His shipBeam is 21.2.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is a builder from Finland where the leader is Juha Sipilä and the demonym is Finns.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is currently in service at Helsinki Shipyard. He was built by Arctech Helsinki Shipyard and has a shipbeam of 21.2.
Alfa Romeo 164 is based in Italy and has a straight-four engine and a Saab 9000 engine.
Alfa Romeo 164 is based in Italy and has a V6 engine and a Saab 9000 engine.
Alhambra is a sunken ship with a length of 63800.0 m and a shipLaunch of 1855-05-31.
Alvis Speed 25 was manufactured by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry and is based on the Petrol engine. The successor company is Rover Company.
Alvis Speed 25 was produced by Alvis Car and Engineering Company, founded in Coventry. It has a straight-six engine and is successor to the Rover Company.
AMC Matador is the successor to American Motors which was founded by Roy D Chapman Jr. and is owned by Chrysler.
The American submarine NR-1 was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat in 1969 and has a top speed of 8.334.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25 January 1969 with a top speed of 8.334 and a length of 45000.0 metres.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares_(rocket) which was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on 14 October 2014.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares(rocket) which was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad on April 21st, 2013 and completed its maiden flight on September 18th, 2013.
Aston Martin V8 is a successor to Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin in the United Kingdom. The capital city of the United Kingdom is London.
Aston Martin V8 is based in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litre V8 engine and is related to the Aston Martin DBS and the Aston Martin RHAM/1 engines.
Aston Martin V8 is related to the Aston Martin DBS. It has a 5.3 litre engine and was produced by Aston Martin.
Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base on May 5, 2002 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station. Atlas II has a diameter of 3.04 m and a final flight took place in 2002-12-05.
The Audi A1 is a supermini with a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout and has a 1.2 litre engine.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is a subsidiary of Ducati. It manufactures the Audi A1.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in California and is located in Illinois. Caterpillar Inc has Caterpillar Inc as its foundation and AIDA Cruises as its owner.
Costa Crociere is located in Genoa and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by AIDA Cruise.
Antares (rocket) is similar to Delta II which is launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States.
Antares (rocket) is comparable to Delta II which was launched at Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2 at Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States.
Fiat Croma is related to the Alfa Romeo 164, which is a sedan (automobile) car. The Fiat Croma has a mean of transportation of Opel Vectra.
Fiat Croma is related to Opel Vectra and Alfa Romeo 164. Fiat Croma has an assembly in Milan and a sedan style body style.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the parent company of General Dynamics. It is located in Groton, Connecticut and is the builder of the American submarine NR-1 which has a beam of 3.8 m.
Neptun Werft is the builder of A-Rosa Luna which is located in Rostock, Germany. The country's leader is Stanislaw Tillich.
Atlas II originates from the United States where the capital is Washington DC and the language is English. African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Atlas II originates from the United States where the demonym is Americans and the capital is Washington D.C. and the ethnic group is African Americans.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Ska Punk genre and is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation. He is also a member of Suburban Legends.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer in the Psychedelia genre. He was born in Indianapolis.
Aaron Turner is a singer associated with Isis (band) and Sumac (band). He is a member of the electroacoustic music genre.
Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician who has been active since 1995. He is associated with the band Old Man Gloom.
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player associated with Sumac (band). He is also a member of the Black Metal genre.
Ace Wilder is a solo singer born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden on July 23, 1982, is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder, born in Stockholm in 1982, is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden in 1982, is a solo singer.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Washington, D.C. and is a non-performing personnel musician. He was originally from the United States.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and rock and roll originated.
Albennie Jones was born in 1950 and has been active in the genre of Rhythm and Blues since then.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States, where African Americans are an ethnic group and Jazz is a genre.
Aleksandra Kovač, born in Belgrade in 1972, is a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She has been a solo singer since then.
Alex Day was a member of the Chameleon Circuit (band) and a member of Charlie McDonnell's associated band. He was active in 2006.
Alex Day was a member of the Chameleon Circuit (band) and played electronic music. He was active in 2006.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in 1872 and died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Daniel Martínez (politician) is the leader.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and is a solo singer. He has a RCA record label and a background in Candombe.
Bajik and Flibbertigibbet are associated bands in the folk music genre. Alison O'Donnell was born in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell has been active in Folk music since 1963. She is associated with Mellow Candle and Head South By Weaving.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician from London. Her record label, Deram Records, is located in London.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician from London. Her record label, Deram Records, is located in London.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer born in Fort Campbell in 1981.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL and is a solo singer.
Andrew White (musician) is a member of the band Marry Banilow and is associated with the genre of Alternative rock. He is also associated with the Nu metal genre.
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit. He is a rock musician.
Anders Osborne's record label, Shanachie Records, is located in Chicago and has a Blues genre.
Andra (born in Romania) is a solo singer. She is a dance-pop singer.
Andra_(singer) is from the genre of Rhythm and Blues which is a derivative of Funk and Disco.
Andrew Rayel has been active in Trance music since 2009 and is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the associated band Jwaydan Moyine and the associated musical artist is Christian Burns. Andrew Rayel's genre is Trance music.
Andrew White (musician) has been active in the Alternative Rock genre since 2003. He is associated with the Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow.
Andrew White (musician) was a member of the associated band, Marry Banilow, and the record label Universal Records. He was active in 2003.
Agustin Barboza died in Paraguay where Juan Afara is the leader.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the associated band/associated musical artist, The Wildweeds. He also plays the banjo.
Hip hop music originates from the disco genre and is a derivative of drum and bass. Allen Forrest is a hip hop musician.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and served as leader of the Labour Party in Greater Manchester.
Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician associated with House of Low Culture and Twilight.
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player associated with the Black Metal genre. He is also associated with the Death Metal genre.
Albennie Jones was born in the United States and grew up in the blues genre. He is a rhythm and blues artist.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and served in the American Civil War. He was awarded a Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Aaron S Daggett was born in Maine and died in West Roxbury. He was awarded a Purple Heart.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands. He attended Erasmus University Rotterdam, which is affiliated with the Association of MBAs. Ab Klink worked at the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Netherlands).
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in Miri Malaysia, is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party in Asajaya.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and is a party member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu. He resides in Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor to Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo and is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Adenan Satem is the successor to Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo and is a member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Nigeria and served as Vice President under Mike Akhigbe and Oladipo Diya before succeeding at the Nigerian Army.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the successor to Al-Amin Daggash and Mike Akhigbe. He is a member of the Nigerian Air Force's Nigerian Air Force branch.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia (Spain) and is the successor to Juan Carlos I of Spain who was the predecessor to Francisco Franco.
Abel Caballero was born in Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and was a Minister of Transport.
Casey Ribicoff and Abraham A. Ribicoff were born in New Britain, Connecticut, United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway, born in Kent on May 5th, 2005, fought in the Gulf War.
Adam Koc is a Polish national who fought in the Polish–Soviet War. Joseph Stalin is the commander of Poland.
Joseph Stalin is the commander of the Polish–Soviet War which is part of the Russian Civil War. Adam Koc died in New York City.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was a Vice President of New Democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
Makis Voridis is the successor to Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Athens and worked at the Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece).
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was a member of the Hellenic Parliament and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The leader of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) is Emile Roemer and the country's currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Mark Rutte. Her office is House of Representatives (Netherland).
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant is a Dutch national.
The Socialist Party (Netherlands) is led by Emile Roemer and is red in colour.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, fought in the Battle of France from 1953-06-30 to 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, fought in the Battle of France from 1974-03-04 to 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave was a member of the Royal Artillery. He fought in World War II where the commander was Chiang Kai-shek and the garrison was Hohne.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia.
William M. O. Dawson was the successor to Albert B White who was born in Cleveland on 03/04/1905.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and served in the American Civil War. He fought in battles in which Abraham Lincoln was commander.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and fought in the American Civil War. He died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain, born in Staten Island, New York, died in the United States.
Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires, leader is Horacio Rodriguez Larreta and party is Justicialist Party.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and served as the provisional President of the Argentine Senate. He was a Rear Admiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales, who was born in Reidsville, North Carolina, is the successor to Daniel Gould Fowle who was Governor of North Carolina.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He served in the U. S. Army and fought in Whiskey Rebellion.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. He served as mayor of Stamford, Connecticut and was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served as Governor of Texas. He was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served as Governor of Texas. He was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins Jr. and is now the successor to Allan Shivers.
Alvah Sabin is the Secretary of State of Vermont. He is located in the 3rd Congressional District of Vermont. Burlington is the largest city in Vermont.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States) which is led by Daniel Webster. Burlington is the largest city in Vermont.
Aaron S. Daggett won the Purple Heart at the Battle of Gettysburg. Robert E. Lee was the commander of the American Civil War.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina who speaks Spanish.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza Argentina and served as a member of the Labour Party (Argentina) until his successor was Isaac Rojas.
Costa Cociere is the parent company of Carnival Corporation & Plc. Carnival Corporation & Plc is the operator of AIDA Cruises which was built by Meyer Werft and is located in Germany.
Meyer Werft is the builder of AIDAstella which has a length of 253260.0 and a top speed of 38.892.
American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres and a cylinder count of 12. It was built in May 1950 - August 1956.
American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 meters and a cylinder count of 12. It was built in May 1950 - August 1956.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the anthem is The Star Spangled Banner. The country origin is from the United States.
AMC Matador is a mid-size car with an AMC V8 engine. It is a station wagon and is classed as a mid-sized car.
Alhambra is owned by P&O(company) which is located in London. The shipBeam is 8.3 m and the power type is Humphrys,Tennant and Dykes.
AMC Matador is a subsidiary of American Motors. It was founded by Roy D Chapman Jr. and is owned by AMC Matador. The American Motor Company is the successor to Chrysler.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched on 25 January 1969 with a top speed of 8.334 and a ship draft of 4.6 m.
The launch site for the Antares rocket is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the United States. The rocket is similar to the Delta II and the associated rocket is the Minotaur IV.
Antares_(rocket) was designed by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad on July 13, 2014 and completed its maiden flight on October 28, 2014.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares_(rocket) which was launched from the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad on October 28, 2014. The rocket has a diameter of 3.9 metres and a maiden flight took place in 2014.
Ariane 5 was launched from Guiana Space Centre on 08/11/2009 and completed its maiden flight on 12/18/2009. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres and was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
Arianespace is located in Couronnes, Guiana. The launch site is at the French Guiana Space Centre and the ELA-3 is operated by ArianespACE.
Aston Martin V8 is the successor to the Aston Martin Vantage which was produced by Aston Martin. The V8 is powered by a 5.3 litre V8 engine which was produced at Newport Pagnell.
Aston Martin V8 is related to Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin RHAM/1. The engine is 5.3 litres and the body style is coupe.
Aston Martin V8 is the successor to Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured in the United Kingdom by Aston Martin. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The Audi A1 is a hatchback with a 1.2 litre engine and a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout. It is classed as a Supermini.
Audi, founded by August Horch, is a subsidiary of Ducati and Lamborghini. They manufacture the Audi A1.
Caterpillar Inc. is the owner of AIDA Cruises in Peoria, Illinois. Caterpillar Inc was founded in California and is located in the United States.
Caterpillar Inc. is the keyperson of AIDA Cruises which is based in Rostock, United States. Caterpillar Inc was founded in the United States by Douglas R Oberhelman.
Caterpillar Inc. was founded in the United States by Douglas R Oberhelman and is located in Peoria, Illinois. Caterpillar Inc has Caterpillar Inc as its keyperson and AIDA Cruises as its owner.
AIDA Cruises is the parent company of Carnival Corporation & Plc. They are the builder of AID Astella which was built by Meyer Werft and is located in Genoa.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) and Arctech Helsinki Shipyard are the builders of Finland where the demonym is Finns and the language is Sami and the leader is Juha Sipilä.
Neptun Werft is located in Rostock, Germany. The capital city is Berlin and Neptun Werf is the builder of A-Rosa Luna.
Neptun Werft is the builder of A-Rosa Luna which is located in Rostock, Germany. The capital city is Berlin and the country's leader is Andreas Voßkuhle.
Atlas II originates from the United States where the demonym is Americans and the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Central Español who play in the Uruguayan Segunda Division and play in the Central Español youth club. Abel Hernández plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia where the leader is Valentina Matviyenko and the club is known as FC Torpedo Moscow. The manager of the club is Valery Petrakov and they play in the Soviet Union national football team.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv who play in the Parc Olympique Lyonnais ground. Oleh Luzhny is the chairman and Jean Michel Aulas is the manager.
Siniša Mihajlović is the manager of U.C. Sampdoria who play in the Serie A league. Alessio Romagnoli plays as a defender.
Alessio Romagnoli is currently playing for A.C. Milan, who are managed by Silvio Berlusconi and Siniša Mihajlović. He plays for the U.C. Sampdoria national under-17 football team.
Abel Hernández plays for the Central Español youth club and plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo. He is a member of the U. S.Citta di Palermos and also plays for the Uruguay national football team.
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow. The ground is at Otkrytiye Arena and the manager is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Sergey Rodionov is the chairman of FC Spartak Moscow. The ground is Grozny and the manager is Rashid Rakhimov. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny.
Aleksandr Prudnikov played for FC Spartak Moscow, FC Dynamo Moscow, FC Dynamo Moscow and FC Terek Grozny.
Aleksandr Chumakov, born in the Soviet Union, played for FC Torpedo Moscow in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15. He played for the Soviet Union national football team.
Akeem Adams is a member of the Ferencvárosi TC, which is based in Palo Seco. The club's manager is Thomas Doll and the chairman is Gábor Kubatov.
Akeem Adams is a member of the Ferencvárosi TC who play at the Palo Seco Velodrome. The club's manager is Thomas Doll and the chairman is Gábor Kubatov.
(19255) 1994 VK8 has a mass of 5.6 kg and an orbital period of 8788850000.0 with a periapsis of 6603633000.0 km and apoapsis of 6155910000000.0 km.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin on August 15, 1868 and died in Madison,Wisconsin on August 15th, 1868.
James Craig Watson was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 101 Helena.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade who was born in Germany and graduated from the University of Göttingen. He was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen and died in Götting.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade who was born in Germany and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Allan Sandage as his doctoral student.
The discoverer of 1036 Ganymed was Walter Baade who was born in Germany and graduated from the University of Göttingen with Allan Sandage as his doctoral student.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison,Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera on 1868-09-07.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison, Michigan. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera, which has a periapsis of 371240000.0 (kilometres).
107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres, and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
107 Camilla has an orbital period of 2368.05 (days) and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 (kilometres) and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
107 Camilla, which was discovered by F. Vilas in 2006, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days, an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
N.R.Pogson, born in Nottingham, England, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla, which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08 and a nationality of England.
1089 Tama (former name A919 HA; 1927 WB) has an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres) and an escape velocity of 0.0068 (kilometrePerSeconds) and an orbital period of 1202.846 days.
1101 Clematis has an escape velocity of 0.02 (kilometrePerSeconds) and an apoapsis of 520906000.0 (kilometres) and an orbital period of 183309000.0.
11264 Claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513.722 days and a periapsis of 296521000.0 days. It has an apoapsis of 475426000.0 and a temperature of 173.0 degrees Celsius.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri Malaysia on May 21, 1936. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and resides in Kuching.
Adenan Satem is the successor to Abdul Taib Mahmud who was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born on May 29, 1999 in Nigeria. He served as Vice President of the United States from 1999 to 2005 and was a member of the Nigerian Navy.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the successor of Olusegun Obasanjo and Mike Akhigbe. He was in office while Vice President and active years end date is 1999-05-29.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and served as Governor of Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party (United States). He died in the United States.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut in the United States. He served as a United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare and died in New York City.
Casey Ribicoff and Abraham A. Ribicoff were born in Connecticut. Abraham A.Ribicoff died in New York. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and served as a Member of Parliament for Gravesham from 2005 to 05. He was a member of the Grenadier Guards and a member of Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Faverham, Kent, England on May 5th, 2005. He served in the Conservative Party (UK) and was a member of the Grenadier Guards.
Adonis Georgiadis, born in Athens, Greece, is the successor to Makis Voridis and Konstantinos Mitsotakis. He is inOfficeWhilePrimeMinister.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Emile Roemer. Agnes Kant is an office worker at the House of Representatives in the Netherlands.
Agnes Kant was born in Doesburg, Netherlands. She was a member of the House of Representatives (Netherlands) which is led by Mark Rutte and Khadija Arib.
Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who lives in Doesburg. She is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Emile Roemer.
Albert B White was born on the 22nd of September, 1856 in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He died on the 3rd of July, 1941.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. Albert B. White was born in Cleveland and succeeded William M.O.Dawson.
Albert B White was born in Cleveland on April 3, 1905. He served as Governor of West Virginia from 1905-03-04 until he was succeeded by William M. O.Dawson.
William M. O. Dawson was the successor to Albert B White who was born in Cleveland on 03/04/1905. He served in the Republican Party of the United States from 1905-03-04.
Juan Perón and Eva Perón died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodriguez Larreta is the leader of the Labour Party (Argentina).
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20th, 1890. He served as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Senate and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (Austria) and died in Styria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alfons Gorbach, born in Tyrol, Austria, died in Graz. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alvah Sabin was born in Sycamore, Illinois on 03/03/1757. He served in the 3rd Congressional District of Vermont and died in Burlington, Vermont.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia, Vermont. He was born in Sycamore, Illinois and died in Burlington, Vermont.
Alfred Moore Scales is from the United States and fought in the Battle of Gettysburg. He served as commander of the United States during the American Civil War. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Alfred Moore Scales is from the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States and the American Civil War was fought there. The commander of the American Civil war was Jefferson Davis.
Juan Perón is the spouse of Eva Perón who is a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). Alberto Teisaire is a national of Argentina who speaks Spanish.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Ska Punk genre. He is associated with the band Kids Imagine Nation and is also a member of Suburban Legends.
Aaron Deer was born in the United States and is a solo singer. He is affiliated with the Wee Giant and is a member of the Indie rock genre.
Aaron Turner was born in the United States in 1995 and has been active since 1995. He is a member of the Black Metal band Lotus Eaters and is associated with the associated band Old Man Gloom.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts in 1995 and has been active in the Sludge metal genre since 1995.
Abradab was born on 12 November 1978 in Katowice, Poland. It was associated with Magik (rapper) and Kaliber44.
Ace Wilder, born in Sweden on July 23, 1982, is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder, born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982, is a solo singer.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop artist from the hip hop genre. He is influenced by funk, disco and drum and bass.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and has been influenced by both hip hop and disco music. He has also been influenced by drum and bass.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) was born in Windsor, Connecticut and has been active since 1966. He is associated with the Rock band The Wildweeds.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the Rock music genre. He has a guitar and is associated with the NRBQ band. He is also a musician in the Bhangra genre.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Ontario. He was a solo singer in Newmarket, Ontario.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. Her genre is pop music and her genre is disco.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer who has been active since 1990. She is associated with K2 (Kovač-sisters-duo) and Kornelije Kovač.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in the United Kingdom in 1872. He was a United Kingdom citizen. He died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in Manchester, died in Sidcup, London. Boris Johnson is the leader of London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, leader of the Labour Party (UK) and leader of the European Parliament. He died in Sidcup.
Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle are associated bands in the Folk music of Ireland genre. Alison O'Donnell was born in 1963 and has been active since 1963.
Deram Records is located in London and has Alison O'Donnell on their record label Deram Records. Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz musician who is derivative of Funk.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who is influenced by folk music and Afrobeat. Her instrument is the Autoharp and her genre is Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who uses voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp in her music. Her genre is Jazz and her origin is Blues.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama in 1981. He is a solo singer and has a background in acoustic music.
Anders Osborne is a rock musician who has been associated with Billy Iuso and voiced by the Wetlands All Stars. He has been active in rock music since 1989.
Anders Osborne is a Blues musician who has been active since 1989. He is associated with Galactic and Billy Iuso.
Andra (singer) was born in Câmpia Turzii in 1986. She is a solo singer and a Reality television judge.
Andra (singer) was born in Romania in 1986 and is a solo singer. She is a singer in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi. He is
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova and has been active in Trance music since 2009. He is associated with Christian Burns and Armin Van Buuren.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova and has been active in Trance music since 2009. He is associated with Bobina and Jwaydan Moyine.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine, Christian Burns and John Digweed. Andrew Rayel's instrument is a string instrument and his associated band is known as the Jwaydan Moyine Band.
Andrew White (musician) has been active since 2003. He is associated with Kaiser Chiefs, Marry Banilow and B-Unique Records.
Hip hop music originates from Fort Campbell. Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell and is a hip hop musician.
Hip hop music originates from the disco genre. Hip hop is a derivative of drum and bass. Allen Forrest was born in 1981.
Parliament of the United Kingdom is led by the Labour Party (UK). Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester and died in Sidcup.
Agustin Barboza was born in Asunción and died in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and the language is Spanish.
Andrew White (musician) has released a record label called Polydor Records in London. The record label is B-Unique Records. Nu metal is a genre of Alternative rock.
Polydor Records is located in London, UK. The record label is Polydor Records and the Alternative rock genre is Nu metal. Andrew White (musician) has a record label Universal Records.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a musician from the country music genre of rock music. He plays the guitar and is a member of the rock music genre.
Rock music originates from the country music genre of Blues. It is also known as rock music and is influenced by the Bhangra and Banjo music genres. Rock music is popular in Bhangra (music) and NRBQ band.
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player associated with the Black Metal genre. He is also associated with Old Man Gloom and is a member of the band Twilight.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay where Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodriguez and Daniel Martínez speak Spanish.
