Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Madrid–Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas.
The runway name of Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is 18L/36R.
The ICAO Location Identifier for Afonso Pena International Airport is SBCT.
Afonso Pena International Airport serves the city of Curitiba.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah.
Al-Taqaddum air base has a runway length of 3684.0.
The runway name of Alderney Airport is 14/32.
Allama Iqbal International Airport has a runway length of 3360.12.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a 1st runway number of 18.
The surface type of the 5th runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is asphalt.
The runway name of Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is 06/24 Kaagbaan.
Andrews County Airport is 973 metres above the sea level.
Andrews County Airport is owned by Andrews County, Texas.
Andrews County Airport has a runway length of 896.0.
The 1st runway at Angola International Airport is made of asphalt.
The Antwerp International Airport is 12 metres above the sea level.
Antwerp International Airport is operated by the Flemish Government.
Appleton International Airport has a runway length of 2439.0.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 518.0.
The ICAO location identifier for Ashgabat International Airport is UTAA.
The runway name of Ashgabat International Airport is 11/29.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority.
The runway name of Atlantic City International Airport is 13/31.
The Dutch language is spoken in Belgium.
Curitiba is part of the South Region, Brazil.
Denmark's demonym is Danes.
Fallujah is located in Iraq.
Greenville, Wisconsin is in the United States.
Greenville, Wisconsin is part of Grand Chute, Wisconsin.
Arabic is the language spoken in Iraq.
Madrid is in Spain.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan is part of the United States.
Sardar Ayaz Sadiq is the leader of Pakistan.
The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey serves the region of New Jersey.
Houston is the largest city in Texas.
The United States Air Force fought in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya.
The Boeing C-17 Globemaster III is a transport aircraft.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
Adams County, Pennsylvania has to its southeast Carroll County, Maryland.
Artur Rasizade is the leader of Azerbaijan.
The leader of Azerbaijan is the Prime Minister of Azerbaijan.
The native name of the Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
11 Diagonal Street is located in South Africa.
The 250 Delaware Avenue is a postmodern architecture.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago.
320 South Boston Building was designed by George Winkler.
320 South Boston Building was built in 1910.
AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen has 814 rooms.
James Pain and George Richard Pain designed Adare Manor.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall is owned by the College of William and Mary.
Amdavad ni gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road.
The reference number in the National Register of Historic Places is 88002539.
Julia Morgan designed Asilomar Conference Grounds.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds are designed by the Arts and Crafts Movement and American craftsman Bungalows.
The Asilomar Conference Grounds were constructed in 1913.
The Asser Levy Public Bath is located in New York City.
Buffalo, New York is part of Erie County, New York.
Byron Brown is the leader of Buffalo, New York.
County Limerick is part of Munster.
Críona ní dhálaigh is the leader of Dublin.
The leader of Ethiopia is Mulatu Teshome.
The demonym for India is Indian people.
Julia Morgan's significant building is Los Angeles Herald-Examiner.
Live Nation Entertainment is located in Beverly Hills, California.
Manhattan is part of New York.
New York City is part of New Netherland.
Pacific Grove, California is part of California.
White South African is an ethnic group in South Africa.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The ISBN number of 1634: The Ram Rebellion is 1-4165-2060-0.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written by Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is a print book.
The AIDS journal is published in the United Kingdom.
The OCLC number of A Glastonbury Romance is 76798317.
A Glastonbury Romance is available in hardcover.
A Long Long Way is written in English.
A_Wizard of Mars was written by Diane Duane.
The ISSN number of Abhandlungenaus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is 0025-5858.
Above the Veil was written by Garth Nix.
Above the Veil is a print book.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has an ISSN number of 0567-7920.
The LCCN number of the Addiction journal is 93645978.
The Addiction journal is an academic discipline.
English is the language of Aenir.
AlcatrazVersusTheEvilLibrarians is published in the United States.
AlcatrazVersusTheEvilLibrarians is written in English.
The American Journal of Mathematics is an academic discipline.
Castle_(novel) is written in English.
Eric Flint was born in Burbank, California.
Macmillan Publishing is the parent company of Farrar, Straus and Giroux.
John Cowper Powys was a notable work at A Glastonbury Romance.
Soho Press is located in the United States.
The Secret Scripture was published by Faber and Faber.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
English is the language of the United States.
Weymouth Sands was preceded by A Glastonbury Romance.
Rolando Maran is the manager of A.C. Chievo Verona.
A.D. Isidro Metapan play in the Salvadoran Primera Division.
A.F.C. Blackpool's fullname is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is The Mechanics.
A.F.C. Blackpool's ground is in Blackpool.
The ground of A.S.Gubbio 1910 is called Gubbio.
A.S. Gubbio 1910 has 5300 members.
The ground of AEK Athens F.C. is Athens.
AEK Athens F.C. played in the 2014-15 Football League Greece.
AZAL Arena is located in Baku.
AZAL PFK play in the Azerbaijan Premier League.
AZ Alkmaar played in the 2014-15 Eredivisie season.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States.
Akron, Ohio is located in Summit County, Ohio.
Akron Summit Assault is the full name of Akron Metro Futbol Club Summit Assault.
The leader of Amsterdam is Eberhard van der Laan.
Christian Panucci plays for Chelsea FC.
Christian Panucci plays for Inter Milan.
Frank de Boer played for FC Barcelona.
Gubbio is located in Umbria.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Jens Härtel plays for FC Sachsen Leipzig.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez plays for FC Dallas.
Luciano Spalletti plays for Udinese Calcio.
Massimo Drago played for the A.S.D.S.Nola1925 club.
Michele Marcolini plays for Atalanta B.C.
Michele Marcolini plays for Vicenza Calcio.
Peter Stöger plays for 1. FC Koln.
Rolando Maran is a club in F.C.Bari1908.
The tenant of Sportpark De Toekomst is Jong Ajax.
St. Vincent-St. Mary High School is located in the United States.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is in Alba.
The president of Acharya Institute of Technology is B.M. Reddy.
Kerala has to its northwest Mahé, India.
Mendrisio is located in the neighboring municipality of Meride.
Bucharest is the capital of Romania.
Thomas Pallesen is the dean of the School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University has 16000 students.
Alan Bean is from the United States.
The backup pilot was Buzz Aldrin.
The alma mater of Buzz Aldrin is the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was selected by NASA in 1963.
Benitoite is a gemstone in California.
Elliot See died on February 28, 1966.
Elliot See died in St. Louis.
Elliot See is deceased.
April O'Neil was created by Kevin Eastman.
Bananaman is broadcasted by the BBC.
Ben Urich's full name is Benjamin Urich.
Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway.
Bo Bibbowski is the full name of Bibbo Bibbowski.
Bill Oddie was born in Lancashire.
Jon Valor is an alternative name for Black Pirate.
John Buscema won the Eisner Award.
Karl Kesel is an American.
Marv Wolfman won the Kirby Award.
Peter Laird is from the United States.
Scott Adsit was born in Northbrook, Illinois.
Albany, Georgia is in the area code 229.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States.
The leader title of Albuquerque, New Mexico is Mayor.
The leader title of Albuquerque, New Mexico is New Mexico House of Representatives.
The leader title of Albuquerque, New Mexico is New Mexico Senate.
Amarillo, Texas has a total area of 233.9 square kilometres.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Randall County, Texas.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Richland Township, Madison County, Indiana.
The elevation above the sea level in Angola, Indiana is 324.0.
Antioch, California is in the 925 area code.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, California.
Arlington, Texas has a population density of 1472.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Kasim Reed is the leader of Atlanta.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
The elevation above the sea level of Attica, Indiana is 166.0.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington has a total area of 77.41 square kilometres.
Austin, Texas is part of Texas.
Spanish is the language spoken in California.
The largest city in DeKalb County, Georgia is Dunwoody, Georgia.
Fulton County, Georgia is in the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is the county seat of Madison County, Indiana.
Michigan is located in the United States.
Detroit is the largest city in Michigan.
Orange County, California is located in the United States.
Portland, Oregon is the largest city in Oregon.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States.
The United States House of Representatives is located in the United States Capitol.
Pecorino Romano is an ingredient in Amatriciana sauce.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata Sauce.
Arròs negre contains white rice.
Arròs negre is in the region of Catalonia.
Arròs negre is located in the Valencian Community.
Ayam Penyet is located in Singapore.
Tomato is an ingredient in BLT.
Baked Alaska is from the region of Hong Kong.
Bakewell pudding is served warm or cold.
Bandeja paisa is a Colombian cuisine found in Colombia.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja Paisa.
Bandeja paisa is found in the Paisa region.
Barny cakes have a serving size of 30.0 g.
Batagor is a Shumai dish.
The main ingredients of Batagor are fried fish dumpling with tofu and vegetables in peanut sauce.
Shrimp is an ingredient in Batchoy.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Indonesia.
Bhaji, bajji is an alternative name for Bhaji.
Taro is an ingredient in Binignit.
Bionico is a cottage cheese dish.
Bionico is located in the Jalisco region.
Chicken is a bird.
The currency of India is the Indian rupee.
Sumitra Mahajan is the leader of India.
The Indonesian language is spoken in Indonesia.
Aristóteles Sandoval is the leader of Jalisco.
Banyumasan people are an ethnic group in Java.
Malaysian Malay is an ethnic group in Malaysia.
Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader of Mexico.
Spanish is the language spoken in New York.
Shumai is from China.
Peanut Sauce is an ingredient in Siomay.
Malays are an ethnic group in Sumatra.
David Cameron is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument was established in 2000.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, which is nearest Frederick, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Its native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Akron, Ohio is located.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon where Salem is the capital.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the United States House of Representatives.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Texas in the United States.
Anaheim, California is part of California and the United States House of Representatives.
Orange County, California is part of Orange County, in Orange County, the United States.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States.
Antioch, California has a total area of 75.324 square kilometres and an elevation above the sea level of 13.0.
Arlington, Texas has a total area of 258.2 square kilometres and a elevation above the sea level of 184.0.
Arlington, Texas is part of the United States.
Atlanta is part of Georgia in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 44.125 square kilometres.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
Amarillo, Texas is located in the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C.
African Americans are an ethnic group in Albuquerque, New Mexico.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Native Americans in the United States are an ethnic group in Auburn, Alabama.
English is the language of the United States where Akron, Ohio is located.
The leader of Albuquerque, New Mexico is the President of the United States.
Tomato is an ingredient in Amatriciana Sauce which comes from Italy.
Arem-arem is a food found in Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader.
Arrabbiata Sauce is from Italy where the Italian language is spoken.
Arrabbiata Sauce comes from Italy where Sergio Mattarella is the leader.
Chili pepper is an ingredient in Arrabbiata Sauce which comes from Italy.
Arròs negre is from the region of the Valencian Community in Spain.
The main ingredients of Asam Pedas are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Ayam Penyet is a food found in Malaysia and Indonesia.
Club Sandwich is a BLT.
Sausage is one of the main ingredients of Bacon Explosion.
Bacon sandwich is an alternative name for bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin.
A BLT is a dish that includes bread.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from France.
Baked Alaska is from France where Manuel Valls is the leader.
Meringue is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which comes from the United States.
Bakewell tart is a dish that includes fruit preserves.
Vermicelli is an ingredient in Bakso which comes from Indonesia.
Celery is a member of the Apiaceae family and is an ingredient in Bakso.
Chicharrón is an ingredient in Bandeja Paisa which is a dish from Colombia.
Barny cakes are found in France where the leader is Claude Bartolone.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where peanut sauce is an ingredient.
Peanut Sauce is an ingredient in Batagor which is a variation of Siomay.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and contains palm sugar.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Beef kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji is a food found in India where the demonym is Indian people.
Bhajji comes from India where T.S. Thakur is the leader.
Binignit is from the Philippines where Igorot people are an ethnic group.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines. Banana is one of the main ingredients.
The main ingredients of Binignit are banana and sweet potato.
Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader of Mexico where Bionico is from.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is found in Guadalajara.
Bionico is a dessert dish.
Joko Widodo is the leader of Indonesia.
Batagor is a dish that includes shiitake.
Aarhus Airport has a runway length of 2777.0 and is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is 610 metres above the sea level.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. The runway length is 3500.
Agra airport is located in Uttar Pradesh which is part of Awadh.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and has a runway length of 3090.0.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq where Arabic is spoken.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which fought in the Invasion of Grenada.
The surface type of the 1st runway at Alderney Airport is Poaceae which is a monocotyledon.
The 1st runway at Alderney Airport is made of asphalt and has a runway length of 877.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan where Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan has a runway length of 2900.0.
The 1st runway length in metres is 3800 and the elevation above the sea level is -3.3528.
The surface type of the 1st runway at Amsterdam Airport Schiphol is Asphalt. The elevation above the sea level is -3.3528.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway length of 2014.0.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol has a runway length of 3300.0.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the largest city of which is Houston.
Angola International Airport has a runway length of 3800.0 and is served by Luanda.
Ardmore Airport (New Zealand) has a runway length of 597.0 and a surface type of Poaceae.
Ashgabat International Airport has a 1st runway length of 12467 feet and an elevation above the sea level of 211 metres.
The operating organisation of Ashgabat International Airport is Turkmenistan Airlines.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. The runway name is 4/22.
Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey and has a runway length of 3048.0.
Afonso Pena International Airport is operated by Infraero and is located in Brasilia.
1.FC Magdeburg has 27250 members and played in the 2014-15 Regionalliga.
A.C. Chievo Verona is located in Verona, Italy and has 39371 members.
The manager of A.C. Chievo Verona is Rolando Maran who was born in Italy.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan.
A.E.Dimitra Efxeinoupolis has 1500 members and played in the 2014-15 season in Greece.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Blackburn Rovers FC.
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer). Irlam Town FC is his club.
A.F.C.Fylde's ground is in Lancashire and they have 3180 members.
A.S.Gubbio 1910 has a ground of Gubbio and has 5300 members.
A.S. Livorno Calcio play in the Serie B league.
The manager of A.S.Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for A.S Roma.
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina and plays for Juventus FC.
ACF Fiorentina has 47290 members and its fullname is ACF Fiorenntina S.p.A.
AEK Athens FC has 69618 members and their ground is in Greece.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague Greece and play at the Olympic Stadium in Athens.
AFC Ajax Ajax (amateurs) play at the Sportpark De Toekomst, which is owned by Jong Ajax.
AZAL PFK play at the AZAL Arena in Shuvalan, Baku, Azerbaijan.
Akron Summit Assault has 3000 members and played in the 2011 PDL season.
The ground of A.S.Gubbio 1910 is located in Umbria.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where the ground is called A.S.Gubbio 1910.
Luciano Spalletti is the manager of A.S. Roma.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis is preceded by The Grantville Gazettes and was written by Eric Flint.
Virginia DeMarce is the author of 1634: The Ram Rebellion, an E-book.
The abbreviation of AIP Adv. is AIP Adv and the EISSN number is 2158.
A Fortress of Grey Ice was written by J.V. Jones and published in print.
A Fortress of Grey Ice has an ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6 and a number of pages.
John Cowper Powys is the author of A Glastonbury Romance which is followed by Weymouth Sands.
The OCLC number for A Long Long Way is 57392246.
A Long Long Way has an ISBN number of 0-670-03380-4 and a number of pages.
A Long Long Way was published by Viking Press, which is parent company of Penguin Random House.
A Loyal Character Dancer was written by Qiu Xiaolong and published in print.
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735 and the ISBN number is 0-374-26131-8.
The OCLC number of A Severed Wasp is 8805735.
A Severed Wasp is written in English, spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is published in print and has the ISBN number 0-374-26131-8.
Abhandlungenaus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg is published by Springer Science+Business Media, founded by Julius Springer.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians has the ISBN number 0-439-92550-9 and is a literary genre.
The OCLC number of Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is 78771100 and the ISBN number is 0-439-92550-9.
AlcatrazVersusTheEvilLibrarians was written by Brandon Sanderson and followed by Alcatraz_VersusTheScrivener'sBones.
The American Journal of Mathematics, abbreviated to Am. J. Math., is an academic discipline.
The publisher of American Journal of Mathematics is Johns Hopkins University Press which is parent company of Johns Hopkins University.
1634: The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States where the capital is Washington DC.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is published in the United States where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars is published in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
The nickname of the 1 Decembrie 19 18 University in Alba is Uab.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University in the city of Belgaum.
The president of the Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is B.M. Reddy.
Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai.
The AWH Engineering College in Kerala is in the state of Kerala.
April O'Neil was created by Peter Laird who is from the United States.
Bananaman, starring Jill Shilling, was broadcast by the BBC.
Bananaman, starring Graeme Garden, was broadcasted by STV.
Tim Brooke-Taylor was born in Derbyshire and starred in Bananaman.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 starring Alan Tudyk.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6 starring Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in the Big Hero 6 film series and was created by Steven T Seagle.
Ben Urich was created by Roger McKenzie (comic book writer) and his full name is Benjamin Urich.
The character Bibbo Bibbowski was created by Jerry Ordway and Marv Wolfman.
The full name of Bibbo Bibbowski is Bo Bibbowski and he was created by Marv Wolfman.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 and is retired.
Alan Shepard was a test pilot who died.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, Essex County, New Jersey.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and was a crew member of Apollo 8.
William Anders graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962.
108 St. Georges Terrace, completed in 1988.
200 Public Square is located in the United States and has a floor count of 45.
20 Fenchurch Street has a floor area of 62145.3 square metres.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago and has a floor count of 60.
320 South Boston Building in the United States was designed by George Winkler.
The architect of 3Arena is HOK SVE and it is located on the East Link Bridge.
3Arena is located in Dublin and was designed by Populous (company).
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen.
Adare Manor was completed in 1862 and was designed by George Richard Pain.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick.
Addis Ababa City Hall is located in Addis Abba, Ethiopia.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka and is designed in Tudor Revival architecture.
Adisham Hall is located in Sri Lanka and is designed in Tudor Revival architecture.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Japan, where Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups.
The Akita Museum of Art is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori and has a floor count of 3.
Amdavad ni gufa is located at Lalbhai Dalpatbhai Campus, near CEPT University, opp. Gujarat University, University Road, Gujarat.
Austin Fernando is the leader of the Eastern Province, where Ampara Hospital is located.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City, United States.
Asser Levy Public Baths is located in New York City which is part of Brooklyn.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick and is part of Munster.
The 3Arena is located in Dublin and is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Alan Bean is a United States citizen who was born in Wheeler, Texas.
Buzz Aldrin, born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey, is a United States citizen.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Sc.D. in 1963 and was selected by NASA in 1963.
Elliot See was born in Dallas, United States and graduated from the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See died in St. Louis in 1962 at the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See died in St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of the University of Texas at Austin.
Elliot See died in St Louis, Kingdom of France on February 28, 1966.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and spent 13017 minutes in space.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis has 448 pages and was written by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint.
1634: The Ram Rebellion was written in English, spoken in Great Britain and preceded by 1634:The Galileo Affair.
Alexander L. Wolf is the leader of the Association for Computing Machinery which is based in New York City and publishes ACM Transactions on Information Systems.
The AIDS journal has the ISSN number 0269-9370 and the academic discipline of HIV/AIDS.
The AIDS journal has the ISSN number 1473-5571 and the academic discipline of HIV/AIDS.
Stanford University is the alma mater of A.T.Charlie Johnson who is the editor of AIP Advances.
The OCLC number for A Fortress of Grey Ice is 51969173 and the ISBN number is 0-7653-0633-6.
Qiu Xiaolong is the author of A Loyal Character Dancer which has the OCLC number 49805501 and the ISBN number 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States. It is written in English.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States and is spoken in Great Britain.
A Severed Wasp is a hardcover book with the OCLC number 8805735.
Abhandlungenaus dem Mathematischen Seminar der Universität Hamburg (abbreviation: Abh. Math. Semin. Univ. Hambg.) has an ISSN number of 1865-8784 and an LCCN number of 32024459.
Above the Veil, written in English, is followed by Aenir, which is also spoken in Australia.
Aenir was written by Garth Nix and was followed by Above the Veil. English is the language spoken in Aenir.
Garth Nix is the author of Above the Veil, a hardcover book with 248 pages.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the ISSN number 0567-7920 and LCCN number 60040714.
The Addiction journal is abbreviated to Addiction and has an ISSN number of 1360-0443.
The Addiction journal is published by Wiley-Blackwell, which is parent company to John Wiley & Sons. The ISSN number is 0965-2140.
Cornell University, which is affiliated with the Association of American Universities, is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly.
Garth Nix is the author of Aenir which is written in English. It is followed by Above the Veil.
AlcatrazVersusTheEvilLibrarians is written in English, which is spoken in Great Britain.
Alcatraz Versus the Evil Librarians is a hardcover book with the OCLC number 78771100.
Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarians is from the United States and is spoken in Great Britain.
John Cowper Powys was born in Shirley, Derbyshire and died in Blaenau Ffestiniog.
Sara Miller-McCune is the founder of Sage Publications. The ISSN number is 0001-8392 and the publisher is SAGE Publications.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the book is A Severed Wasp.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where A Wizard of Mars is written in English.
A Wizard of Mars is published in the United States where the ethnic group is Asian American and the capital is Washington DC.
A Wizard of Mars is published in the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
1634: The Ram Rebellion comes from the United States where the leader is the President of the United States and the ethnic group is African American.
A Fortress of Grey Ice is located in the United States where the leader title is President of the United States and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
The manager of 1.FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for 1.FC Lokomotive Leipzig and SV Germania Schöneiche.
The manager of A.C. Cesena is Massimo Drago who played for A.S.D.S.S.Nola1925 and A.C._Cesena1931.
The fullname of A.C.Lumezzane is Associazione Calcio Lumezzane SpA and they play in the Lega Pro/A league. They have 4150 members.
Jorge Humberto Rodriguez is the manager of A.D. Isidro Metapan and plays for the Alianza Football Club and the El Salvador National Football Team.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E.Dimitra Efxeinoupolis, which has 1500 members and is located in the city of Efxeina.
A.F.C. Blackpool has 1500 members and its ground is in Blackpool. Its fullname is "Association Football Club Blackpool".
The manager of A.F.C. Blackpool is Stuart Parker (footballer) who plays for Chesterfield FC and Runcorn FC Halton.
The manager of A.F.C.Fylde is Dave Challinor who plays for Stockport County FC and Colwyn Bay FC.
A.S.Livorno Calcio is located in Livorno, Italy. It has 19238 members and its fullname is "Livorno, Calcio S.p.A.".
Christian Panucci is the manager of A.S.Livorno Calcio, who play in the Serie B league and are champions of Carpi F.C.1909.
The manager of A.S. Livorno Calcio is Christian Panucci who plays for Chelsea FC.
AEK Athens FC play in the Superleague Greece where Olympiacos FC are champions.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Ajax AFC Ajax (amateurs) who play in Amsterdam-Centrum.
Eberhard van der Laan is the leader of Ajax AFC Ajax (amateurs) who play in Amsterdam.
John van den Brom is the manager of AZ Alkmaar and plays for Jong Ajax and İstanbulspor A.Ş.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Brazil and play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
The manager of A.S. Roma is Luciano Spalletti who played for Udinese Calcio and Empoli F.C.
Massimo Drago is the manager of A.C. Cesena and plays for S.S.Chieti Calcio and A.S.D. Licata 1931.
Massimo Drago is the manager of the U.S.Castrovillari Calcio and the A.S.D.S.S.Nola1925 club.
Massimo Drago plays for the U.S. Castrovillari Calcio and plays for the S.S. Chieti Calcio.
John Madin was born in Birmingham and designed 103 Colmore Row.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio. Frank G. Jackson is the leader of Cleveland.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, which is part of DuPage County, Illinois. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
The 320 South Boston Building, designed by George Winkler, is located in the United States and has a floor count of 22.
3Arena, designed by HOK SVE, was completed in December 2008 and is located at North Wall Quay.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark. The hotel has 23 floors.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which has 23 floors and was designed by 3XN.
Augustus Pugin was born in Bloomsbury and designed the Palace of Westminster. He is the architect of Adare Manor.
Philip Charles Hardwick designed Adare Manor which was completed in 1862 and was owned by J.P.McManus.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 in the Tudor and Jacabian style.
Adisham Hall was completed in 1931 in the Tudor and Jacabian style.
Adisham Hall is located in Haputale, Sri Lanka where the leader is Ranil Wickremesinghe.
Adisham Hall is located in the city of Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte in Sri Lanka where the currency is the Sri Lankan rupee.
Alan B Miller Hall is the current tenant of the Mason School of Business in the United States. The building started on 30 March 2007.
Julia Morgan, born in San Francisco, designed the Asilomar Conference Grounds and the Riverside Art Museum.
Julia Morgan, born in California, designed Asilomar Conference Grounds and Chinatown San Francisco.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located on Asilomars Blvd., Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 1987-02-27. The reference number is 87000823.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Avenue A (Manhattan) and were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980-04-23.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City and were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1980-04-23.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who lives in Birmingham.
103 Colmore Row was designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham.
Hailemariam Desalegn is the leader of Ethiopia where the Addis Ababa City Hall is located.
Amdavad-ni-Gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat. Its leader is Anandiben Patel.
Marriott International is the tenant of Marriott International in Bethesda, Maryland. Bill Marriott is the key person.
Albany, Georgia is part of Dougherty County, Georgia in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a leader title of New Mexico Senate.
Alpharetta, Fulton County, Georgia is part of the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of the U.S. state and is home to Asian Americans.
Alpharetta, Georgia is located in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Anaheim, California has a total area of 131.6 square kilometres and an UTC offset of -7.
Anaheim, California is part of California and is the leader title of the California State Senate which is located in the California State Capitol.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Antioch, California is part of Contra Costa County, San Francisco Bay and is part of the United States House of Representatives.
Fort Worth, Texas is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Asian Americans are one of its ethnic groups.
Atlanta has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 347.1 square kilometres.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. The largest city is Newark, New Jersey.
Atlantic City, New Jersey, is part of Atlantic County, New Jersey in the United States. The largest city is New York City.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama in the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of Washington, D.C. in the United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of the state of Washington in the United States. Olympia is the capital of Washington.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state) and is part of Dougherty County, Georgia. The capital city is Atlanta.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson is the largest city in Madison County.
Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey in the United States. Trenton is the capital of New Jersey.
The largest city in Texas is Houston and the language spoken is English.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Washington DC.
Attica, Indiana is part of Fountain County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Washington DC.
Akron, Ohio is located in the United States where the capital city is Washington D.C. and the language spoken is English.
Akron, Ohio is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the English language is spoken. Albany, Georgia is in the United states.
Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Angola, Indiana in the United States. English is the language spoken in the United states.
Aarhus Airport is operated by Aarhus Lufthavn A/S and has a runway length of 2776.0 and a runway name of 10R/28L.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. It has a runway length of 2003.0.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Paracuellos de Jarama, part of the community of Madrid, Spain.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The ICAO location identifier is VIAG.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. Its runway length is 3992.88.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which is involved in the 1986 United States bombing of Libya. The McDonnell Douglas F-15 Eagle is an aircraft fighter.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which is involved in the Invasion of Grenada battles.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney and has a runway length of 877.0.
The Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority is the operating organisation for the Allama Iqbal International Airport which is located in Pakistan. Jinnah International Airport is the headquarters of the Pakistan Civil Aviation authority.
The Allama Iqbal International Airport in Punjab, Pakistan has a runway name of 18L/36R and a runway length of 2900.0.
Maple Ridge Township, Alpena County, Michigan, United States, has an elevation above the sea level of 210 metres.
Andrews County Airport in Texas has a runway length of 1773.0 and an elevation above the sea level of 973.0 metres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas and has a runway length of 896.0 metres and an elevation above the sea level of 973.0 metres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, the capital of which is Austin, Texas. The language spoken in Texas is English.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States where the demonym is Tejano.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the German language is spoken.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
The Atlantic City International Airport is operated by the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey. It is located in the region of New Jersey and is part of the Four World Trade Center.
Atlantic City International Airport has a runway length of 3048.0 and is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States.
Anwar Zaheer Jamali is the leader of Pakistan where the Allama Iqbal International Airport is located.
Adolfo Suarez-Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, which is part of the Community of Madrid.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Spain.
Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in San Sebastian, Spain. Adolfo Suarez is the leader of the People's Party in Spain.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is located southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, southeast of Carroll County, Maryland.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan, the capital city is Baku and the native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Azerbaijan where the leader is Artur Rasizade and the legislature is the National Assembly (Azerbaijan).
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the Atatürk Monument is located in Ankara.
Guanciale is an ingredient in Amatriciana Sauce which comes from the Lazio region of Italy.
Arem-arem is a Javanese Cuisine dish containing compressed rice cooked in banana leaf with vegetables or minced meat fillings.
Arrabbiata sauce contains tomato which is a member of the flowering plant family and belongs to the Solanaceae division.
Olive oil is an ingredient in Arrabbiata Sauce which comes from the region of Rome, Italy.
Tomato is an ingredient in Arrabbiata Sauce which comes from the region of Rome, Italy.
Asam Pedas is a dish from the Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The main ingredients are fish cooked in sour and hot sauce.
Asam Pedas is a food found in Malaysia, the capital of which is Kuala Lumpur. Arifin Zakaria is the leader of Malaysia.
Ayam Penyet is a food found in Malaysia, Indonesia and the Malaysian Chinese.
Lettuce is an ingredient in the BLT dish, club sandwich and bacon sandwich.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the leader is Barack Obama and the ethnic group is White Americans.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the leader is John Roberts.
The BLT is a dish that includes bread and is a variation of the club sandwich.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is from the region of New York in France.
Baked Alaska is from France where the leader is Manuel Valls and the currency is the Euro.
Christmas pudding is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is located in the New York region of the United States.
Sponge cake is an ingredient in Baked Alaska which is a dessert course.
Bakewell pudding is a dessert that comes from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region. The main ingredients are ground almond, jam, butter and eggs.
Beef is an ingredient in Bakso which is a dish from Indonesia.
Avocado is an ingredient in Bandeja Paisa which is found in the Paisa region of Colombia.
Hogao is an ingredient in Bandeja Paisa which is from the Paisa region of Colombia.
Barny cakes are found in France, where Claude Bartolone and Manuel Valls are leaders.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp, beef are main ingredients.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow is a dish found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia. Tony Tan is a leader in Singapore.
Sesame oil is an ingredient in Beef Kway Teow which is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore and Indonesia. Oyster sauce is one of the ingredients.
Bhajji is a food found in India where the currency is the Indian rupee and the leader is Sumitra Mahajan.
Binignit is a dessert that contains banana and is served as a dessert course.
Binignit is a dessert that contains sago and is served as a dessert course.
Binignit is a dessert that contains Taro and is served as a dessert course.
Binignit is a dish from the Solanales order. The main ingredients are sweet potato and banana.
Granola is an ingredient in Bionico which is a dessert. It is found in Mexico.
Bionico is a dish from the Guadalajara region of Mexico. It contains raisins.
Bionico is a food found in Mexico where the currency is the Mexican Peso and the leader is Silvano Aureoles Conejo.
Pietro Grasso is the leader of Italy where Amatriciana Sauce is from. Rome is the capital of Italy.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the Igorot people are one of the ethnic groups. Arabic is one of the languages spoken in the Philippines.
Beef kway teow is a dish from Singapore where Tony Tan is the leader. English is the language spoken in Singapore.
Tomato is a member of the family of Solanaceae and belongs to the order of Solanales.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, India and has an academic staff of 250.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kerala, which is in the state of Kerala, which has to its northwest Mahé, India.
1 Decembrie-1918-University is located in Romania where the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. The anthem is Deșteaptă-te,române!
Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania where the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania. 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University, established in 1928, is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark was established in 1928.
The comic character Asterix was created by René Goscinny and Albert Uderzo.
Tim Brooke-Taylor starred in Bananaman, which was broadcasted by the BBC from 1986-04-15.
Baymax first appeared in the film Big Hero 6, which was distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures.
Big Hero 6 was produced by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and starred Scott Adsit.
Baymax is a character in the film Big Hero 6, which was produced by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures and distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.
The comic character Blockbuster was created by Gardner Fox and Carmine Infantino.
Larry Bolatinsky is a comic character created by Gary Cohn and Dan Mishkin.
The comic book character Bolt was created by Ernie Colon and Gary Cohn and is also known as Larry Bolatinsky.
Completed in 1973, 103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham and has a floor count of 23.
11 Diagonal Street is located in the city of Cape Town, South Africa, which is home to the Coloured ethnic group.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. Cleveland City Council is the governing body of Cleveland.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a price range of 110 million dollars.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Cook County, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
300 North LaSalle, located in Illinois, has a floor area of 120770.0 square metres and a floor count of 60. It was completed in 2009.
3Arena is located in Dublin, Leinster and is part of the Republic of Ireland.
Marriott International is the tenant of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Copenhagen. It is designed by 3XN and has 23 floors.
Adare Manor is located in County Limerick, Limerick City and County Council. It is part of the county of Munster.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. It is part of Akita, which is inhabited by Filipinos.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The Vietnamese people are one of the ethnic groups in Japan.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan.
Alan B Miller Hall, located at 101 Ukrop Way in Williamsburg, Virginia, was completed on 1 June 2009.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in Gujarat, India, where Narendra Modi and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders.
Asilomar Conference Grounds is located in Pacific Grove, California. It was added to the National Register of Historic Places on 27 February 1987 and was built in 1913.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located on Avenue A (Manhattan) in the National Register of Historic Places. They were built in 1904 and were added to the National Register in 1980-04-23.
Cyrus Vance, Jr. and Cyrus Vance, Sr. are the leaders of Manhattan, Brooklyn and New York City.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, United States. Gale Brewer is the leader of Manhattan.
103 Colmore Row is designed by the architect John Madin who was born in Birmingham and is leader of the city. The postal code is B postcode area.
103 Colmore Row was designed by John Madin, born in Birmingham, the leader of the Labour Party in the UK.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in Gujarat, India, where Anandiben Patel is the leader and Sumitra Mahajan is the leader.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in Gujarat, India. The leader of India is T.S. Thakur and Narendra Modi.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita Prefecture, Japan. Brazilians are one of the ethnic groups in Japan.
20 Fenchurch Street is located in the United Kingdom, the capital of which is London. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
The 250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States where the English language is spoken. Joe Biden is the President of the United States.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Pennsylvania in the United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
The Prime Minister of Azerbaijan is Artur Rasizade and the capital city is Baku. The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is located in Baku.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is located in Azerbaijan and its native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield, Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is adjacent to Frederick, Maryland.
Turkey's leader is Ahmet Davutoglu and its capital is Ankara. The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) is made of bronze and is located in Turkey.
The Ataturk Monument in Izmir, Turkey, was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state) and is part of the United States where English is spoken. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Albuquerque, New Mexico has a population density of 1142.3 inhabitants per square kilometre and a total area of 490.9 square kilometres.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia, U.S. state.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the ethnic group is African American.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. Austin is the capital of Texas.
Anaheim, California is part of the California State Assembly which is located at the California State Capitol. California is the state where the Spanish language is spoken.
Anderson, Indiana is part of Adams, Fall Creek, Lafayette, Richland, Union. It has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre and a elevation above the sea level of 268.0 metres.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States. It has a total area of 16.55 square kilometres.
Antioch, California has a population total of 102372 and an area of 75.324 square kilometres. The UTC offset is -7.
Atlantic City, New Jersey has a population density of 1421.2 inhabitants per square kilometre and a leader title of Mayors of Atlantic City,New Jersey.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, Alabama, United States. Asian Americans are an ethnic group in Auburn, Alabama.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, Alabama, United States. African Americans are an ethnic group in Auburn, Alabama.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, King County, Washington, United States.
Auburn, Washington is part of the United States and is part of King County, Washington. The capital city is Washington D.C.
Houston is the largest city in Austin, Texas, which is part of the Hays County, Texas.
Anaheim, California is part of the California State Capitol and is the location of the California Assembly where the Chinese language is spoken.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia, U.S. state.
Anderson, Indiana is part of the Lafayette Township, Madison County, Indiana, United States.
Houston is the largest city in Texas, which is part of the United States. The language spoken in Texas is English.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and Benton County, Oregon is part of Benton County. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United states.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the African Americans are an ethnic group. The city of Albuquerque, New Mexico is located in the United States.
John Sanchez and John Sánchez are the leaders of Albuquerque, New Mexico, a country in the United States where Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Oregon is part of Benton County, Oregon in the United States where Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United States.
Mayor of Albuquerque, New Mexico, is the leader of Albuquerque, the United States where the Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where English is spoken and Native Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola, Indiana is part of the United States where English is spoken and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Angola, Indiana is part of Pleasant Township, Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where the language is English and the ethnic group is Asian Americans.
The manager of 1 FC Magdeburg is Jens Härtel who plays for SVBabelsberg 03 and FSV Zwickau.
Rolando Maran is the manager of AC Chievo Verona. He played for Carrarese Calcio and F.C.Bari 1908.
Michele Marcolini was born in Italy. He played for Torino FC, AC Chievo Verona and A.C.Lumezzane.
Antonis Milionis is the chairman of A.E.Dimitra Efxeinoupolis. They play in the AEPSTH2ndGROUP league and have 1500 members.
Stuart Parker (footballer) is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool who play in Stockport County FC. They are leader of the Conservative Party UK.
Stuart Parker (footballer) is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool who play in Stockport County FC. Gordon Marsden is the leader of Blackpool.
A.F.C.Fylde's ground is Warton, Fylde, Lancashire and they have 3180 members and their fullname is Association Football Club Fylde.
AFC Fylde played at Bryning Lane in the 2014 season and has 3180 members. Their fullname is "Association Football Club Fylde".
Paulo Sousa is the manager of ACF Fiorentina. He plays for Juventus FC, Inter Milan and Maccabi Tel Aviv.
AEK Athens F.C. has 69618 members and played in the Superleague Greece in 2014.
AFC Ajax Ajax (amateurs) has a ground at Sportpark De Toekomst which is owned by AFC Ajax N.V. and operated by AFC Ajax.
The AFC Ajax Ajax Amateurs played in the 2014 season and have 5000 members. Their nickname is Joden, Godenzonen and their fullname is Amsterdamsche Football Club Ajax Amateurs.
The manager of AZ Alkmaar is John van den Brom who plays for Vitesse Arnhem and AFC Ajax.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas. They are the champions of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Alagoas, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Agremiação Sportiva Arapiraquense play at the Estadio Municipal Coaracy da Mata Fonseca in Arapiraca, Brazil. They play in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série C league.
Akron Summit Assault is located in the city of Akron, Summit County, Ohio, United States.
The ground of A.S.Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the capital is Rome. Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy.
Peter Stöger, who plays for FC Admira Wacker Mödling and SK Vorwärts Steyr, is the manager of 1. FC Koln.
Abilene Regional Airport serves the city of Abilene, Texas. The airport has a runway length of 2194.0 and an elevation above the sea level of 546 metres.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York. The airport has a runway length of 2003.0 and an elevation above the sea level of 507 metres.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway length of 3500.0.
Agra Airport is located in India and is operated by the Indian Air Force. It has an ICAO location identifier of VIAG and an IATA location identifier of AGR.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 3990.0 and a runway name of 08/26.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq and is operated by the United States Air Force. It has a runway length of 3990.0 and a runway name of 09R/27L.
Al Asad airbase is operated by the United States Air Force which is involved in the Invasion of Grenada and the battles of the Lockheed AC-130 and McDonnell Douglas F-15E Eagle.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport has a runway length of 2900.0 and is served by Lahore.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway named 09/27 'Buitenveldertbaan' with an elevation above the sea level of -3.3528 metres.
Amsterdam Airport Schiphol serves the city of Amsterdam and has a runway with a length of 18L/36R Aalsmeerbaan and an elevation above the sea level of -3.3528 metres.
Andrews County Airport serves the city of Andrews, Texas. The airport has a runway length of 929.0 and an elevation above the sea level of 973.0 metres.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where the demonym of Tejano is used.
Andrews County Airport is located in Texas, United States, where English is spoken and the capital city is Austin.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda in the province of Angola. The airport is located in Ícolo e Bengo, which is part of Luanda.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the Flemish Region and is operated by the Flemishes Government. The airport has a runway length of 600 metres and is 12 metres above the sea level.
Ashgabat International Airport is operated by Turkmenistan Airlines. The airport is located in Turkmenbashi International Airport, which is the hubairport of Turkmenistan.
The Athens International Airport is located in Spata. It has a runway length of 3800.0 and is 94 metres above the sea level.
Atlantic City International Airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. Don Guardian is the leader of Atlantic City, New Jersey.
Atlantic City International Airport is owned by the South Jersey Transportation Authority. It is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, in the United States. Its leader is Stephen Dilts.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp, Belgium, where the German language is spoken. Charles Michel is the leader of Belgium.
Antwerp International Airport serves the city of Antwerp in Belgium where the French language is spoken.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, which is part of Harrietstown, New York in the United States. The airport is located in Essex County, New York.
Fuad Masum is the leader of Iraq where Kurdish languages are spoken. The city of Fallujah is served by the Al-Taqaddum air base.
Haider al-Abadi is the leader of Iraq where the Kurdish languages are spoken. The city of Fallujah is served by the Al-Taqaddum air base.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and serves the city of Lahore. Malik Muhammad Rafique Rajwana is the leader of Punjab, Pakistan.
The 1st runway at Alderney airport is made of Poaceae which belongs to the class Monocotyledon and belongs to the division of flowering plants.
Rona Fairhead is the keyperson of the BBC, which broadcasts Bananaman. It is located in the Broadcasting House and is owned by the BBC.
Bananaman was first aired on STV on October 3rd, 1983. It starred Jill Shilling and was created by Steve Bright.
Baymax was created by the American Duncan Rouleau and starred in the film Big Hero 6.
Larry Bolatinsky is a Puerto Rican comic book character who was created by Gary Cohn and Ernie Colon.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written by Eric Flint, born in Burbank, California. It was preceded by Grantville Gazette III and DeMarce short stories in the Grantville Gazettes.
1634: The Ram Rebellion, written by Eric Flint, Virginia DeMarce, et al, has 512 pages and an ISBN number of 1-4165-2060-0.
The AIDS Journal is published in the United Kingdom by Lippincott Williams & Wilkins, which is parent company of Wolters Kluwer. Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom.
J.V. Jones is the author of A Fortress of Grey Ice which has an OCLC number of 51969173 and an ISBN number of 0-7653-0633-6.
A Loyal Character Dancer, written by Qiu Xiaolong, has an OCLC number of 49805501 and an ISBN number of 1-56947-301-3.
A Loyal Character Dancer is written in English which is spoken in Great Britain. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A Loyal Character Dancer was published by Soho Press in the United States, where the ethnic group is Asian American and the language is English.
A Wizard of Mars, written by Diane Duane, has 560 pages and an ISBN number of 978-0-15-204770-2.
Acta Mathematica Hungarica has the LCCN number 83646315 and the abbreviation "Acta Math. Hungar." and the ISSN number 0236-5294.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica has the LCCN number 60040714 and the academic discipline of Paleobiology and the ISSN number 0567-7920.
Acta Palaeontologica Polonica is published by the Polish Academy of Sciences. The ISSN number is 1732-2421 and the LCCN number is 60040714.
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities.
Cornell University is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly in the city of Ithaca, New York. Cornell University is affiliated with the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities.
Aenir, written by Garth Nix, has 233 pages and an ISBN number of 0-439-17684-0.
AlcatrazVersusTheEvilLibrarians is written in English, spoken in Great Britain. The book is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group.
The publisher of American Journal of Mathematics is Johns Hopkins University Press in the United States. It was first published in 1878.
The English language is spoken in Great Britain and is also spoken in the United States where the ethnic group is Asian Americans. Alcatraz Versus The Evil Librarians is from the United States.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. The language spoken in Great Britain is English.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader. English is spoken in Great Britain.
A severed wasp is found in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader and the language is English. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He was selected by NASA in 1963 and spent 100305 minutes in space.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 which was operated by NASA. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Chris Patten was a crew member of Apollo 8, Frank Borman was a crewmember of Apollo 8 and William Anders was born in British Hong Kong.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963.
Buzz Aldrin was born Edwin Eugene Aldrin Jr. and was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He received 20 awards.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) by the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Shepard was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) in the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He died in California.
Elliot See, a student at the University of Texas at Austin, was born in Dallas and died in St Louis.
William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He was a fighter pilot.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the country of India. It was established in 2001.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090, India. It is affiliated to the Visvesvaraya Technological University.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, India is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar.
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It offers tennis and is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia in Romania. The capital city is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It is governed by a Magistrate.
The AWH Engineering College in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, has 250 academic staff.
Deșteaptă-te,române! is the anthem of Romania where the capital is Bucharest and the ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
Klaus Iohannis is the leader of Romania where the city of Bucharest is located and the 1 Decembrie 1918 University is located.
Amatriciana Sauce is from the Lazio region of Italy. It contains tomatoes, guanciale, cheese, olive oil and tomato sauce.
Arrabbiata Sauce is from Italy where the capital is Rome and the leader is Pietro Grasso and Sergio Mattarella.
Arròs negre is a dish from Catalonia, Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a dish from Catalonia, Spain. The main ingredients are white rice, cuttlefish or squid, cephalopod ink, cubanelle peppers.
Arròs negre is a food found in Catalonia, Spain, where the leader is the Parliament of Catalonia. Spaniards are one of the ethnic groups.
Asam Pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Batak and Malaysia.
Asam Pedas is a food found in Sumatra, Malaysia. The Minangkabau people are one of the ethnic groups in Sumatra.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where John Roberts is the leader and Asian Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the United States is Washington DC.
The bacon sandwich is a variation of the BLT, which is a dish from the United Kingdom. Ketchup is an ingredient in the BLT.
A bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, or bacon muffin can be found in the United Kingdom. The main ingredients are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where Baked Alaska is a dessert.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which can be found in the Paris, New York or Hong Kong region of the United States.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which is from the region of Hong Kong in France, United States or China.
Meringue, ice cream, sponge cake or Christmas pudding are the main ingredients of Baked Alaska which comes from the Hong Kong region of the United States.
Bakewell pudding is a dish from the Derbyshire Dales region. It is a variation of Bakewell tart and contains fruit preserves.
Bakso is a dish found nationwide in Indonesia, also popular in neighboring Southeast Asian countries. The main ingredients are ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where ground beef, tapioca, noodle, rice vermicelli, beef broth, kailan, celery, salted vegetables, fried shallots are main ingredients.
Kidney beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon are the main ingredients of Bandeja Paisa.
The main ingredients of Bandeja Paisa are red beans, pork belly, white rice, ground meat, chicharon, fried egg, plantain (patacones), chorizo, arepa, hogao sauce, black pudding (morcilla), avocado and lemon.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Gérard Larcher and Francois Hollande.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where the dish Siomay is a variation of Shumai and Shiitake.
Batchoy is a dish found in La Paz, Iloilo City, Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Batchoy is a soup from the Philippines. The main ingredients are noodles, pork organs, vegetables, chicken, shrimp and beef.
Beef kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil is a dish found nationwide in Singapore and Indonesia.
Beef kway teow is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia. Standard Chinese is spoken in Singapore and Halimah Yacob is the leader.
Beef kway teow, beef tender loin, gula Melaka, sliced, dried black beans, garlic, dark soy sauce, lengkuas, oyster sauce, soya sauce, chilli and sesame oil is a dish found in Singapore and Indonesia.
Bhajji, bajji, is a dish from the Karnataka region of India. Vegetable is an ingredient in Bhajji.
Bhajji is a dish from the Karnataka region. The main ingredients are gram flour, vegetables and bajji.
Sago is a main ingredient in binignit which is from the flowering plant division of the plant Solanales.
Binignit is a dish from the Visayas region of the Philippines. The main ingredients are coconut milk and sago.
Bionico is a dessert found in the Jalisco region of Mexico. Granola is an ingredient in Bionico.
Bionico is a dish from Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dessert found in Mexico where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader and cookie is a dish variation.
Bakso is a dish from Indonesia where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Tapioca is an ingredient.
Ayam Penyet is a food found in Singapore, where Tony Tan is the leader and Baduy is an ethnic group.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the ethnic group is the Ilocano people and the language is Philippine Spanish.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines where the Igorot and Zamboangans are ethnic groups and the language is Arabic.
Binignit is a dessert dish from the Philippines where the language is Philippine English.
Binignit is a dish from the Philippines where the language is Philippine English and Sandesh is a dessert.
1634: The Bavarian Crisis was written in English by Virginia DeMarce and Eric Flint. It was preceded by The Grantville Gazette and followed by Ring of Fire II.
Cornell University in Ithaca, New York is the publisher of Administrative Science Quarterly. It is affiliated with the Association of American Universities and the Association of Public and Land Grant Universities. Its president is Elizabeth Garrett.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The English language is spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where the Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups. The English language is spoken in Great Britain.
A Loyal Character Dancer is published by Soho Press in the United States, where the ethnic group is Asian American and the spoken language is English.
A severed wasp is found in the United States, where the English language is spoken and the capital is Washington DC. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Aenir, Castle, and Above the Veil are all novels written in Australia.
A Severed Wasp is from the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The country's ethnic group is Asian American and its spoken language is English.
A severed wasp is found in the United States, where Barack Obama is the leader. The language spoken in the United states is English, spoken in Great Britain. Asian Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the ethnic group is Asian American. 1634: The Ram Rebellion is preceded by 1634: the Galileo Affair.
1634 The Ram Rebellion is from the United States where Barack Obama is the leader and the capital is Washington DC. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
A Wizard of Mars originates from the United States where the leader is the President of the United States. English is spoken in Great Britain and Asian Americans are an ethnic group.
Albany, Georgia is part of Georgia (U.S. state) and is part of the United States where the leader is called the President and the demonym is Americans.
Alpharetta, Georgia is part of Fulton County, Georgia, U.S. state. The largest city is Atlanta. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital city is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Amarillo, Texas is part of Potter County, Texas in the United States. The capital city is Austin and the language spoken is English.
Anderson, Indiana is part of the Anderson Township, Madison County, Indiana in the United States. Anderson, Indiana has a population density of 523.9 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Antioch, California is part of the Contra Costa County, California, which is part of San Francisco Bay and is part of California's 11th State Assembly District. California's language is English.
Atlanta is part of the DeKalb County, Georgia. It has a population density of 1299.0 inhabitants per square kilometre.
Attica, Indiana has a population density of 783.1 inhabitants per square kilometre. It is part of the United States and is part of Logan Township, Fountain County, Indiana. The elevation above the sea level is 166.0.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, Alabama, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington DC. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United states.
Auburn, Washington is part of Pierce County, Washington, United States. It has a population of 914.8 (inhabitants per square kilometre) and is part of King County, Washington.
Austin, Texas is part of the Williamson County, Williamson County, Texas, which is the largest city in the state of Texas. English is spoken there.
Austin, Texas, is part of the Hays County, Texas, which is home to San Marcos and Houston. English is the language spoken in Austin, Texas.
Austin, Texas is part of the Hays County, Texas. The largest city is Houston and the Spanish language is spoken there.
Alexandria, Indiana is part of Madison County, Indiana in the United States. The capital city is Indianapolis and the language spoken is English.
Fort Worth is a city in Tarrant County, Texas, which is part of Tarrant County, Texas. Fort Worth is the largest city in Texas, where Spanish is spoken.
Fort Worth is the largest city in Tarrant County, Texas, which is part of Tarrant County, Texas in the United States. Arlington, Texas is part of Texas.
The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the largest city is New York City. Atlantic City, New Jersey is part of New Jersey. White Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of Linn County, Oregon in the United States where the demonym is Americans and the capital is Washington DC. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United States.
Albany, Oregon is part of Oregon and is part of the United States where the demonym is Americans and the ethnic group is Asian Americans. Washington D.C. is the capital of the United states.
African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States, which is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United states. The country's demonym is Americans.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, Alabama, United States. The capital of the United States is Washington DC. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Auburn, Alabama is part of Lee County, Alabama, Alabama, United States. The county seat is Opelika, Alabama. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
Trenton, New Jersey is part of the United States and is home to the Native Americans. Trenton is the largest city in the United States. Newark is the capital of New Jersey.
President Barack Obama is the leader of the United States which is part of New Mexico. The language spoken in Albuquerque, New Mexico is English.
Angola, Indiana is part of Steuben County, Indiana in the United States where the demonym Americans are an ethnic group. English is the language spoken in the United states.
Barack Obama is the leader of the United States which is part of Summit County, Ohio in the United States. The capital city is Washington DC. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups of the United states.
Albany, Georgia is part of the United States where the leader is called the President and the demonym Americans are an ethnic group.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Seminary Ridge, Gettysburg, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Adams County, Pennsylvania, southwest of Carroll County, Maryland and north of Frederick County, Maryland. It belongs to the category of Contributing Property.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan, which is led by Prime Minister Artur Rasizade.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan which is led by Artur Rasizade.
The leader of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The country's capital is Ankara and its largest city is Istanbul. The Atatürk Monument is located in Istanbul.
The AWH Engineering College is located in Kuttikkattoor, Kerala, India. It was established in 2001 and has 250 academic staff.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. Its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar and it has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Bangalore, India. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students. Its president is B.M. Reddy.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association headquartered in Brussels. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the city of Kuttikkattoor in the country of India. It was established in 2001 and has a staff of 250.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India. The country's leader is Kochi and its largest city is Mumbai.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Aarhus. It is affiliated with the European University Association, headquartered in Brussels.
Alan Tudyk and Steven T. Seagle star in the film Big Hero 6 in which Baymax was created by Duncan Rouleau.
Michele Marcolini is the manager of A.C.Lumezzane, who play in Italy where Pietro Grasso is the leader and where Vicenza Calcio is the ground.
Stuart Parker (footballer) is the manager of A.F.C. Blackpool who play in Chesterfield FC and Stockport County FC. He is also the leader of the Labour Party in the UK.
Sergio Mattarella and S.S.Robur Siena are the champions of Serie D, a league in which A.S.Gubbio 1910 play. The Italian language is spoken in Italy.
The manager of AEK Athens FC is Gus Poyet who plays for Real Zaragoza and Chelsea FC. The ground of AEK Athens is the Olympic Stadium (Athens) which is located in Marousi.
The ground of A.S.Gubbio 1910 is located in Italy, where the leader is Pietro Grasso and the demonym is Italians. The capital city is Rome.
Sergio Mattarella is the leader of Italy where the official language is Italian and the demonym is Italians. The ground of A.S.Gubbio1910 is located in Italy.
Jusuf Kalla is the leader of Indonesia where the Indonesian language is spoken and the currency is the Indonesian rupee. Arem-arem is a food found nationwide in Indonesia, but more specific to Java.
Asam Pedas is found in the Sumatra and Malay Peninsula region of Malaysia. The country's capital is Kuala Lumpur and its ethnic group is the Malaysian Chinese.
Asam Pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the ethnic group is Malaysian Malay and the capital is Kuala Lumpur. It is also found in the region of Sumatra and Malay Peninsula.
Asam Pedas is a food found in Malaysia, where the ethnic group is Malaysian Malay and the capital is Kuala Lumpur. It is also found in Sumatra.
Abu Zahar Ujang is the leader of Malaysia where Asam Pedas is a food found in the Malay Peninsula and the ethnic group is the Malaysian Malay.
Bacon Explosion is a dish from the Kansas City Metropolitan area in the United States. The main ingredients are bacon and sausage.
Bacon Explosion comes from the United States where Paul Ryan is the leader and White Americans are an ethnic group. The capital of the United States is Washington D.C. and the English language is spoken.
A bacon butty, bacon sarnie, rasher sandwich, bacon sanger, piece 'n bacon, bacon cob, bacon barm, bacon muffin, is a dish from the United Kingdom. The main ingredients are bread and bacon, with a condiment, often ketchup or brown sauce.
Baked Alaska is from France, where Manuel Valls and Gerard Larcher are leaders. The French language is spoken in France.
Bandeja Paisa is from the Antioquia Department in Colombia. It contains lemon, Rosids and Rutaceae.
Barny cakes are found in France where the French language is spoken and the leader is Francois Hollande. Barny cakes can also be found in France.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia where Joko Widodo is the leader and peanut sauce is an ingredient. Siomay and Shumai are similar dishes.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia, where Joko Widodo is the leader and Shiitake is an ingredient. Shumai is also a dish from that country.
Batagor is a dish from Indonesia, where Jusuf Kalla is the leader and Shiitake is an ingredient. Shumai is also a dish from that country.
Bhajji is from the Karnataka region of India. The main ingredients of Bhajji are gram flour and vegetables.
Bhajji originates from the Karnataka region of India where T.S. Thakur and Vajubhai Vala are leaders.
T.S. Thakur and Sumitra Mahajan are leaders in India, where the demonym Indian people is used. Bhajji is a food found in the region of Karnataka.
Bionico is a dessert from Guadalajara, Mexico. The main ingredients are chopped fruits, sour cream, condensed milk, granola, shredded coconut and raisins.
Bionico is a dish from Mexico, where Enrique Peña Nieto is the leader and the Spanish language is spoken. The dish is a dessert.
Bionico is a dish from the Jalisco region of Mexico, where Silvano Aureoles Conejo is the leader and honey is a dessert.
Carles Puigdemont and Felipe VI of Spain are leaders in Catalonia. Arròs negre is a dish from the region of Catalonia. Spaniards are an ethnic group in Spain.
Matteo Renzi and Laura Boldrini are leaders of Italy where the capital city is Rome and the language is Italian.
Sergio Mattarella and Laura Boldrini are leaders of Italy, which is home to Amatriciana sauce and the capital city of Rome.
Pietro Grasso and Matteo Renzi are leaders in Italy where the language is Italian and the capital city is Rome.
Ayam Penyet is a dish found nationwide, also can be found in Malaysia and Singapore. Fried chicken is one of the main ingredients. Javanese people are one of the ethnic groups of Java.
Ayam Penyet is a dish from Singapore, where the leader is Tony Tan and the Javanese people are one of the ethnic groups. English is the language spoken in Singapore.
Batchoy is a dish from the Philippines, where one of the ethnic groups is the Zamboangans and where one of languages is Arabic and the other is Philippine Spanish.
Ajoblanco is a food found in Andalusia, Spain, where Susana Diaz is the leader. The Spanish language is spoken there.
Susana Diaz and Felipe VI of Spain are the leaders of Spain where the demonym of Spaniards is Spaniards.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas, United States. He was a test pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963.
Alan Shepard was born in New Hampshire and was a crew member of Apollo 14. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) which is higher than the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong and served as a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. He is a fighter pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot and is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January 1930. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was the backup pilot.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14 operated by NASA. He died in California where the gemstone is called Benitoite.
Alan Sheppard was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) and the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark, where the Faroese language is spoken. Aarhus Airport is located in Tirstrup, which is part of the Central Denmark region.
The Adolfo Suarez Madrid-Barajas Airport is located in Madrid, Paracuellos de Jarama, San Sebastián de los Reyes and Alcobendas. It is operated by ENAIRE and has a runway length of 4100.0 and an elevation above the sea level of 610.
Agra Airport is located in India. It is operated by the Indian Air Force and has a runway length of 1818.0 and an elevation above the sea level of 167.94 metres.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Iraq. It is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3990.0 and an ICAO location identifier of ORAA.
Al Asad Airbase is located in Al Anbar Province, Iraq. It is operated by the United States Air Force and has a runway length of 3992.88 and an ICAO location identifier of ORAA.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force. The US Air Force is the operating organisation for the Al Asad airbase, which was bombed in Libya in 1986. The General Dynamics F-16 Fighting Falcon is a transport aircraft used by the US Air Force.
Al Asad Airbase is operated by the United States Air Force, which is involved in the Invasion of Grenada and Operation Enduring Freedom. The Lockheed AC-130 is a transport aircraft and the Lockheed C-130 Hercules is a battleship.
Alderney Airport serves the city of Alderney. The 1st runway surface type is poaceae and the runway length is 733.0. The elevation above the sea level is 88.0.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport has a runway length of 3310.0 and a runway name of 18L/36R.
Allama Iqbal International Airport is located in Punjab, Pakistan and is operated by the Pakistan Civil Aviation Authority. The airport has a runway length of 2900.0 and a runway name of 18R/36L.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Maple Ridge Township, Alpena, Michigan in the United States. It has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above the sea level.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located at Maple Ridge Township, Alpena, Michigan. The airport has a runway length of 1533.0 and is 210 metres above the sea level.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena, Michigan. The airport has a runway length of 2744.0 and is 210 metres above the sea level.
The Alpena County Regional Airport is located in Wilson Township, Alpena, Michigan, United States. The airport is 210 metres above the sea level and has a runway length of 1533.0.
Angola International Airport serves the city of Luanda. It has a runway name of 05L/23R and a runway length of 3800.0. It is 159 metres above the sea level.
Alexis Tsipras and Nikos Voutsis are leaders of Greece, which is served by the Athens International Airport. Greek is the language spoken in Greece.
Alexis Tsipras and Prokopis Pavlopoulos are leaders of Greece where the language spoken is Greek. The city of Athens is served by the Athens International Airport.
Atlantic City International Airport serves the city of Atlantic City, New Jersey. The airport is located in Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey, United States. The leader of Atlantic City is Don Guardian.
Antwerp International Airport is located in the city of Brussels, Belgium. The country's leader is Philippe of Belgium and Charles Michel is its leader.
The ICAO location identifier for Egg Harbor Township, New Jersey is KACY. It is part of Atlantic City International Airport in New Jersey, United States.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, New York in the United States. It is part of the city of Harrietstown, New York.
Adirondack Regional Airport serves the city of Saranac Lake, which is part of Harrietstown, New York in the United States. The airport is located in the city of Lake Placid, Essex County, New York.
Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Awadh, Bundelkhand and is operated by the Indian Air Force. The HAL Light Combat Helicopter is used by the Indian air force.
Ram Naik is the leader of Uttar Pradesh which is part of Bundelkhand. Agra Airport is located in Uttar Pradesh, Uttar Pradesh and is operated by the Indian Air Force.
Al-Taqaddum Air Base serves the city of Fallujah in Iraq. The leader of Iraq is Haider al-Abadi and the language spoken is Arabic.
200 Public Square is located in Cleveland, Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It was completed in 1985.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in Buffalo, New York. It was designed by Postmodern architecture and has a floor area of 30843.8 square metres and a floor count of 12.
300 North LaSalle is located in Chicago, Illinois, United States. Rahm Emanuel is the leader of Chicago.
Margrethe II of Denmark is the leader of Denmark where the Faroese language is spoken. Marriott International is the foundation of AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Denmark.
Marriott International is the foundation place for AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen in Denmark. The hotel is located in Washington, D.C. and Bill Marriott is the key person. The Greenlandic language is spoken in Denmark.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the leader of Denmark where the Greenlandic language is spoken. Marriott International is the foundation place for AC Hotel Bella Sky Copenhagen which is located in Denmark.
Adare Manor is located in the Republic of Ireland. The architect of Adare Manors is Augustus Pugin who was born in Bloomsbury. The leader of the Republic is Enda Kenny.
The Addis Ababa City Hall was completed in 1961 and has a floor area of 140000.0 square metres and a height of 42 m. It is currently owned by the Government of Addis Abba.
The Akita Museum of Art in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan has a floor count of 3 and is located at 1-4-2 Nakadori.
The Akita Museum of Art is located in Akita, Akita Prefecture, Japan. The country's leader is Tarō Asō and its ethnic group is Chinese.
Alan B Miller Hall is located in Virginia and is owned by the College of William and Mary. It was designed by Robert A M Stern and is located in the United States.
Amdavad ni gufa is located in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India, where the leader is Sumitra Mahajan and the legislative assembly is the Gujarat Legislative Assembly.
Ampara Hospital is located in Ampara District, Ampara, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of the hospital. Austin Fernando is the leader in the Eastern Province.
Ampara Hospital is located in Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, Eastern Province, Sri Lanka. Ranil Wickremesinghe is the leader of Sri Lanka.
Julia Morgan is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds. She was born in San Francisco and graduated from the Hearst Castle in Los Angeles. Her significant building is the Asilomars State Beach.
Julia Morgan is the architect of Asilomar Conference Grounds and Riverside Art Museum. She was born in San Francisco and her significant building is the Hearst Castle.
The Asser Levy Public Baths are located in New York City, New Netherland, United States. Cyrus Vance, Jr. is the leader of New York City.
103 Colmore Row is located in Birmingham, which is governed by the Birmingham City Council. The city council is the governing body of Birmingham, which has John Clare as its leader.
250 Delaware Avenue is located in the United States, the capital of which is Washington D.C. Barack Obama is the President of the United States and John Roberts is the leader of the country.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is located in Seminary Ridge, Adams County, Pennsylvania, United States. It was established in 2000 and is categorized as a contributing property.
The 11th Mississippi Infantry Monument is a contributing property located in Adams County, Pennsylvania. It is located to the west of Franklin County, Pennsylvania and to the southeast of Carroll County, Maryland. It is also located to the north of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, and to the north-west of Frederick County, Maryland
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It was designed by Huseyin Bütüner and Hilmi Güner and is made of red granite and white marble. Baku is the capital of Azerbaijan.
The Baku Turkish Martyrs' Memorial is dedicated to the Ottoman Army soldiers killed in the Battle of Baku. It is made of red granite and white marble and is located in Azerbaijan. The country's leader is Artur Rasizade and its native name is Turk Sehitleri Aniti.
The 14th New Jersey Volunteer Infantry Monument is located in the Monocacy National Battlefield in Frederick County, Maryland. It was established on 11 July 1907 and is categorized as a historic district in the United States.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He served as a test pilot and is now retired.
Alan Shepard was a crew member of Apollo 14. He was born in New Hampshire and died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) by the Department of Commerce Gold Medal.
Alan Bean, born Alan LaVern Bean, was a crew member of Apollo 12 which was operated by NASA. Alfred Worden was the backup pilot and David Scott was the commander. Alan Bean retired in June 1981.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He served as a fighter pilot and was a member of the Apollo 11 crew.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was the backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was a backup pilot.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT in 1963 with a Sc.D. and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11.
Alan Shepard died in California. He was awarded the Distinguished Service Medal (United States Navy) and the gold medal in the Department of Commerce Gold Medal. He was a member of the California senate.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on September 1st, 1969. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He graduated from AFIT, M.S. in 1962.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on September 1, 1969. He was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot and Frank Borman was the pilot.
William Anders was a crew member of Apollo 8 which was operated by NASA. He graduated from AFIT with a M.S. in 1962 and was a backup pilot for Buzz Aldrin and Frank Borman.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Ticino, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 100 academic staff. Its dean is Mario Botta.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University and has 700 postgraduate students.
The Acharya Institute of Technology is located in Soldevanahalli, Acharya Dr. Sarvapalli Radhakrishnan Road, Hessarghatta Main Road, Bangalore – 560090. It was established in 2000 and is affiliated with the Visvesvaraya Technological University. Its president is B
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Denmark is affiliated with the European University Association. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen and its religion is the Church of Denmark.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. The dean of the School is Thomas Pallesen and it is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels.
The AWH Engineering College is located in the state of Kerala in India. It was established in 2001 and is located in Mumbai. The Ganges is the country's largest river.
The 1 Decembrie 19 18 University is located in Romania. The country's leader is Klaus Iohannis and its capital is Bucharest. The anthem of Romania is Deșteaptă-te,române! and the country's ethnic group is the Germans of Romania.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in Aarhus, Denmark. It was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students. The country's leader is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
Ahmet Davutoglu is the leader of Turkey where the currency is the Turkish lira and the largest city is Istanbul. The Atatürk Monument (İzmir) was inaugurated on 27 July 1932 and is made of bronze.
The bronze Atatürk Monument in Izmir, Turkey, was designed by Pietro Canonica and inaugurated on 27 July 1932. The country's leader is the President of Turkey.
The President of Turkey is Ahmet Davutoglu. The capital city is Ankara and the currency is the Turkish lira. The Atatürk Monument is located in Istanbul and was inaugurated on 27 July 1932.
The Accademia di Architettura di Mendrisio is located in Mendrisio, Switzerland. It was established in 1996 and has 600 students. The dean is Mario Botta and the academic staff is 100.
The Acharya Institute of Technology in Bangalore, Karnataka, India was established in 2000. Its president is B.M. Reddy and its director is Dr. G. P. Prabhukumar. Its motto is "Nurturing Excellence".
The Acharya Institute of Technology was given the Technical Campus status by the All India Council for Technical Education in Mumbai. It is located in the state of Karnataka, northeast of the Arabian Sea. It offers tennis and is affiliated with the International Tennis Federation.
The 1 Decembrie-1918 University is located in the city of Alba Iulia in Romania. The country's leader is Prime Minister Klaus Iohannis and its anthem is Deșteaptă-te,române! The country's capital is Bucharest.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association. It was established in 1928 and has 737 academic staff. Lars Lokke Rasmussen is the dean of the School.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University is located in the city of Aarhus, Denmark. It is affiliated with the European University Association in Brussels and is governed by a Magistrate. The leader of Denmark is Lars Lokke Rasmussen.
The School of Business and Social Sciences at the Aarhus University in Aarhus, Denmark is affiliated to the European University Association. It was established in 1928 and has 16,000 students. The latin name is Universitas Aarhusiensis.
Alan Bean was born on March 15, 1932 in Wheeler, Texas. He graduated from UT Austin with a B.S. in 1955. He served as a test pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 12.
Alan Shepard was born on November 18, 1923 in New Hampshire. He graduated from NWC in 1957 with a M.A. He was a test pilot and died in California.
Alan Bean was born in Wheeler, Texas. He was a test pilot and a crew member of Apollo 12, which was operated by NASA. Alfred Worden was the backup pilot and David Scott was the commander.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on Apollo 11.
Buzz Aldrin was born on the 20th of January, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and served as a fighter pilot on the Apollo 11 mission.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963 and was a crew member of Apollo 11. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born on January 20th, 1930 in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 and was selected by NASA in 1963. He is now retired.
Buzz Aldrin was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. He graduated from MIT with a Sc.D in 1963. He was a crew member of Apollo 11 which was operated by NASA. William Anders was the backup pilot.
William Anders was born on October 17th, 1933 in British Hong Kong. He served as a fighter pilot and was a crew member of Apollo 8. He retired on September 1st, 1969.
William Anders was born in British Hong Kong on September 1, 1969. He was a crew member of Apollo 8, which was operated by NASA. Buzz Aldrin was the backup pilot.
William Anders was born on October 17th, 1933 in British Hong Kong. He was a fighter pilot and was selected by NASA in 1963. He spent 8820.0 minutes in space.
Aaron Saggett received a Purple Heart award.
Aaron Saggett fought in the Battle of Mine Run.
Ab Klink was born in Stellendam, Netherlands.
Tuanku-Bujang-Tuanku-Othman is inOfficeWhileVicePresident.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is a member of the Parti Bumiputera Sarawak party.
AbdulRahmanAbdulRahmanTaibMahmud is the successor of SulaimanAbdul RahmanTaib.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was active in 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Niger state.
Abner W.Sibal was active in 1965-01-03.
Abner W.Sibal died in Alexandria, Virginia.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Holloway's residence is Gravesend.
The alma mater of Adenan Satem is the University of Adelaide.
Adolf Schärf was born in Mikulov.
Adonis Georgiadis is inOfficeWhilePrimeMinister.
The Deputy Minister for Development, Competitiveness and Shipping is Adonis Georgiadis.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf.
Agnes Ward White was born in Marietta, Ohio.
Airey Neave was active from 1953-06-30.
Airey Neave was awarded a Military Cross.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge, London.
Airey Neave is a Lieutenant Colonel.
Airey Neave was established in 1935.
Albert B White is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
Agnes Ward White is the wife of Albert B White.
Albert Jennings Fountain is a member of the Union Army.
Alberto Teisaire is from Argentina.
Alberto Teisaire is a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Navy.
Alfons Gorbach died in Austria.
Alfred Moore scales was active in 1875-03-04.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Chancellorsville.
Alfred N. Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut.
Alfred N. Phillips was the Mayor of Stamford, Connecticut.
Allan Shivers was active in 1947-01-21.
Allan Shivers served in the United States Army.
Allan Shivers was the successor of Price Daniel.
Alvah Sabin was active from 1853-03-04.
Alvah Sabin is a member of the Whig Party (United States).
Robert E Lee was the commander of the American Civil War.
The language of Austria is Austrian German.
Robert E. Lee was the commander of the Battle of Antietam.
Battle of Cold Harbor is part of the American Civil War.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Buenos Aires.
The commander of Gulf War is Colin Powell.
John F. Kennedy was the predecessor of Dwight Eisenhower.
Josef Klaus graduated from the University of Vienna.
Juan Carlos I of Spain was the predecessor of Francisco Franco.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party Argentina.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands.
The United States Army fought in the Spanish-American War.
William M. O. Dawson was born in Bloomington, Maryland.
The 1955 Dodge Coronet has the alternative name Dodge Coronet.
The 1955 Dodge was equipped with a 230 cubic inch engine.
A-Rosa Luna was christened on April 7, 2005.
AIDA cruises is located in Rostock.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AIDAluna.
The christening date of AIDAstella is 2013-03-16.
AIDAstella was completed in 2013-03-11.
The maiden voyage of AIDAstella was 2013-03-17.
AIDA Cruises is the operator of AID Astella.
ALV_X-1 is the launch site of the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport.
AMC Matador is an alternative name for American Motors Matador.
The status of ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is "Sold to the Netherlands 1 April 1948".
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé has a straight-four engine.
The engine of the Acura TLX is the Honda K engine.
Acura TLX has an AWD (vehicle) layout.
Acura TLX is related to Honda Accord.
Acura TLX has a 9-speed ZF 9HP automatic (V6) transmission.
The assembly of Alfa Romeo 164 is Arese.
Lancia Thema is related to Alfa Romeo 164.
The transmission of Alfa Romeo 164 is 4-speed automatic (ZF 4HP18QE).
The builder of Alhambra is Samuda Brothers.
Alhambra has a shipBeam of 8.3 m.
Alhambra is a wrecked city.
Alhambra has a top speed of 18.52.
Alvis Speed 25 is powered by a Straight-six engine.
Alvis Speed 25 was produced in 1937.
The shipDraft of the American submarine NR-1 is 4.6 m.
The final flight of Antares (rocket) was 2014-10-28.
The launch site for the Antares rocket is at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina.
Ariane 5 was launched from Guiana Space Centre.
Ariane 5 completed maiden flight in 2005-08-11.
The Aston Martin V8 has a convertible body style.
Aston Martin V8 is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Aston Martin Virage is manufactured by Aston Martin.
Atlas II's final flight was 1998-03-16.
Atlas II was launched at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Audi was founded by August Horch.
Audi_Brussels is the assembly location for the Audi A1.
Audi A1 is related to Seat Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois.
Costa Cociere is located in Genoa.
Chrysler Newport is related to DeSoto Custom.
Fiat Croma is related to Alfa Romeo 164.
The demonym for Germany is Germans.
The leader of Germany is Norbert Lammert.
Stanislaw Tillich is the leader of Germany.
Gruppo Bertone was founded by Giovanni Bertone.
The headquarter of Guiana Space Centre is Kourou, French Guiana.
The Honda K engine is manufactured by Honda.
The anthem of the United States is The Star-Spangled Banner.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States.
A.C. Milan's chairman is Silvio Berlusconi.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada.
Aaron Hunt plays for SV Werder Bremen.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay Olympic Football Team.
Abel Hernández plays for Uruguay National Football Team.
Abner (footballer) was born in Brazil.
Adam Maher was born in Diemen.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands.
Adam Maher plays for the Netherlands National Under 17 Football Team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven.
Ahmad Kadim Assad is a member of the Iraq National Football Team.
Akeem Adams was born in Point Fortin.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies.
Al-Khor Sports Club is in the Qatar Stars League.
Basim Qasim is the manager of Al-Zawra'a SC.
Al Kharaitiyat is in the Qatar Stars League.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Baghdad.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra is a club in Sanat Mes Kerman F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) is a member of the Hamilton Academical Football Club.
Alan Martin played for Scotland National Under 19 Football Team.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is a member of the Florida Panthers.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. is 1.905 inches tall.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. played in the National Hockey League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Amkar Perm.
Aleksandre Guruli was born in Batumi.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Samtredia.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the Georgia National Under 21 Football Team.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba.
Alex Tyus played in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
The Atlanta Falcons play in the city of Atlanta.
Don Sweeney is the general manager of Boston Bruins.
Budapest is in Hungary.
English is the language of Canada.
The Slavey language is spoken in Canada.
Columbus Blue Jackets are located in Columbus, Ohio.
Oleh Lukhny is the manager of FC Karpaty Lviv.
The manager of FC Torpedo Moscow is Valery Petrakov.
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC.
Finnish is spoken in Finland.
Daniele Zoratto is the coach of Italy National Under 16 Football Team.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of Maccabi Ashdod B.C.
The ground of Motherwell FC is Fir Park.
Jean-Michel Aulas is the owner of Olympique Lyonnais.
St. Louis Rams are located in the city of St. Louis.
The Tennessee Titans play in Nashville, Tennessee.
Aaron Bertram was born in 1998.
Aaron Deer's associated band/associated musical artist is The Horns of Happiness.
Aaron Deer's record label is Kill Rock Stars.
Aaron Turner is an Avant-garde metal artist.
Aaron Turner is a progressive metal artist.
Abradab is a solo singer.
Abradab was born on November 12, 1978.
Abradab was born in Poland.
Abradab is a hip hop music genre.
Agustín Barboza is a Guarani musician.
Ahmet Ertegun was born in Istanbul, Turkey.
Alan Frew is a rock musician.
Sammy Price is a member of the Albennie Jones band.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Yugoslavia.
Aleksandra Kovač is a rhythm and blues artist.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Soul music artist.
Alex Day is a Synthpop artist.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's associated band/associated musical artist is Héctor Numa Moraes.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa's record label is RCA Records.
Alison O'Donnell was born in 1963.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz singer.
Alison O'Donnell's instrument is voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest was born on April 3, 1981.
Allen Forrest is a pop music artist.
Alligator Records is located in Chicago.
Anders Osborne's associated band/associated musical artist is Johnny Sansone.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues artist.
Anders Osborne's record label is Alligator Records.
Andra (singer) is a rhythm and blues artist.
Andrew Rayel was active in 2009.
Andrew Rayel's associated band/associated musical artist is Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova.
Andrew White is a musician associated with Marry Banilow.
Andrew White (musician) has a B-Unique Record label.
Gran Asunción is part of Asunción.
Christian Burns played guitar.
Hip hop music is a subgenre of Gangsta rap.
Hip hop music has a stylistic origin.
Indie rock is influenced by New wave music.
Manchester is part of Greater Manchester.
Polydor Records is located in London.
The RCA Records are distributed by Sony Music Entertainment.
Blues is a blues song.
Synthpop is a pop music band.
The demonym of the United Kingdom is British people.
The density of the VK8 is 2.0 grams per cubic centimetre.
Carl A. Wirtanen was the discoverer of 29075.
The absolute magnitude of the 2009 FD was 22.1.
The apoapsis is 259776702.47055 (kilometres).
The apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
The epoch is 2013-11-04.
1000 Piazzia's escape velocity is 0.0252 km/s.
The former name of the 1001 Gaussia is "1923 OAA907 XC".
The maximum temperature of 1001 gaussia is 165.0 degrees.
The apoapsis of 101 Helena is 441092000.0 km.
101 Helena was launched in 2006-12-31.
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kilograms.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s.
The absolute magnitude of 103 hera is 7.66.
The mass of 103 hera is 7.9 kg.
107 Camilla has an absolute magnitude of 7.08.
A._Storrs was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
The former name of 1089 Tama is A894 VA; A904 VD.
The orbital period of 1089 Tama is 1202.846 days.
1097 Vicia has an average speed of 17.92 kilometres per second.
1097 Vicia was launched in 2006-12-31.
1097 Vicia has a rotation period of 95040.0.
Christian Heinrich Friedrich Peters was the discoverer of 109 Felicitas.
109 Felicitas has a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
10 hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s.
The periapsis of 1101 Clematis is 445895000000.0.
110 Lydia was launched in 2006-12-31.
11264 Claudiomaccone has a temperature of 173.0 (kelvins).
The alma mater of James Craig Watson is the University of Michigan.
N.R.Pogson was born in Nottingham.
Aaron Saggett won the Purple Heart at the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Aaron Saggett won the Purple Heart in Battle of Gettysburg.
AbdulTaibMahmud is the successor of AbdulRahmanYa'kub.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar was born in Minna and attended the Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, born in Niger, is the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, successor to Al-Amin Daggash, is the Chief of the Defence Staff in Nigeria.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar who was active in 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the successor of Olusegun Obasanjo and Mike Akhigbe.
Abner W.Sibal fought in World War II where Joseph Stalin was commander.
Abner W.Sibal is a member of the United States Army, which fought in the Korean War.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and attended the Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent.
Adam Koc won the Virtuti-Militari award in World War I.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens and was a deputy parliamentary spokesman of popular Orthodox rally.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Greece and was a Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally.
Agnes Kant was born in Hessisch Oldendorf and was a Parliamentary Group Leader.
Airey Neave was awarded a Military Cross by the Royal Artillery.
Airey Neave fought in the Battle of France from 1974-03-04.
Hugo Sperrle is the commander of Airey Neave.
Airey Neave was born in Knightsbridge and fought in World War II.
Franklin Roosevelt and Airey Neave fought in World War II.
Joseph Stalin is the commander of Airey Neave.
Albert B White was born in 1856-09-22 and died in 1941.
Albert B White was a politician from 1856-09-22.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Edmund j. davis died in New Mexico territory.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and is a member of the Republican Party in the United States.
The provisional president of the Argentine Senate is Isaac Rojas and the successor is Alberto Teisaire.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Austria-Hungary.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria.
Governor of North Carolina is James W. Reid and successor is Alfred Moore Scales.
Alfred Moore Scales was the successor of Daniel Gould Fowle at Princeton University.
Alfred N.Phillips was born in Connecticut and was a member of the United States House of Representatives.
Alfred N. Phillips is a member of the United States Army, which fought in the American Civil War.
Allan Shivers fought in World War II with Joseph Stalin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur).
Allan Shivers was a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur). He was succeeded by Ben Ramsey.
Alvah Sabin was born on October 23rd, 1793-10-23.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is from the Netherlands where the leader is Mark Rutte.
Albert B White died in Parkersburg, West Virginia in the United States.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Saskatchewan and played for the Wichita Thunder.
Abel Hernández plays for Peñarol, where Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo club.
Adam Maher plays for AZ Alkmaar and plays for the Netherlands National Under 17 Football Team.
Adam Maher plays for PSV Eindhoven in the Netherlands national under-17 football team.
Ahmad Kadim Assad plays for Steel Azin FC and Al Shorta SC.
Akeem Adams played for Ferencvárosi TC.
Akeem Adams is a member of the Trinidad and Tobago National Football Team and plays for T&TEC Sports Club.
Akeem Ayers was drafted 39th overall by the New England Patriots.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by Tennessee Titans in the 39th round.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987.
Akeem Priestley plays for the Connecticut Huskies and is a member of the Sheikh Russel KC.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS and Sheikh Russel KC.
Al-Khor Sports Club is located in Al-Kor. They play in the Al-Koran club.
The manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC is Amar Osim.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for Hamilton Academical Football Club and Leeds United FC.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for the Hamilton Acadical Football Club, which is located in New Douglas Park.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. played for the Florida Panthers from 1995-09-02.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland and played for the Florida Panthers.
Aleksandr Chumakov plays for FC Torpedo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and FC Kuban Krasnodar.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Tom Tomsk in the Russian Football National League.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for FC Karpaty Lviv and FC Dinamo Batumi.
Alex Plante was born in Manitoba in 1989.
Alex Tyus played for Pallacanestro Cantù from 1988-01-08.
Alex Tyus plays for Maccabi Tel Aviv in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba, the leader of the Conservative Party of Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada.
Adam McQuaid was born in Canada and speaks English.
Levan Khomeriki is the manager of FC Dinamo Batumi.
The ground of FC Spartak Moscow is Otkrytiye Arena.
Akeem Priestley plays for RoPS in the Veikkausliiga league.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. and the ground is at Palo Seco Velodrome.
Aaron Deer is a musician in the Psychedelic genre.
Aaron Deer is from the United States and originates in Indiana.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Electroacoustic Music genre.
Aaron Turner is an Avant-garde metal singer.
Magik (rapper) and Kaliber44 are associated bands/associated musicians in Abradab.
Abradab was born in Katowice on November 12, 1978.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop music genre that is influenced by disco.
Ace Wilder was a solo singer for Warner Music Group.
Agustín Barboza was born in Paraguay and recorded by Philips Records.
Alan Frew is a rock musician who specializes in Bhangra music.
Alan Frew is a rock musician from the country music genre.
Albennie Jones is a Jazz musician.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer from the Pop music genre.
Aleksandra Kovač is a Blues artist.
Aleksandra Kovač has been active since 1990.
Alex Day is a Synthpop artist from New Wave Music.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer in the milonga genre.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer from the Taquirari genre.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and died in Montevideo.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Montevideo and died in Uruguay.
Alfredo Zitarrosa is a solo singer from the Zamba (artform) genre.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Plastik Mak and Bajik.
Alison O'Donnell is a folk rocker from Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician with a voice bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Allen Forrest is a solo singer in hip hop music.
Andrew White (musician) is a Christian Alternative Rock artist.
Anders Osborne is associated with Phil Lesh and Friends and Tab Benoit.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues artist from Rabadash Records.
Anders Osborne is a rhythm and blues artist from Shanachie Records.
Andra (singer) was active in 2000.
Andra is a blues singer.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Mark Sixma.
Jwaydan Moyine and Armin Van Buuren are the associated bands of Andrew Rayel.
Andrew White (musician) is a New wave music artist.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the Country Music genre.
Andrew White (musician) recorded Polydor Records in London.
The escape velocity is 0.0925 km/s and the apoapsis is 6603633000.0 km/s.
The minimum temperature is 211.0°C and the apoapsis is 259776702.47055 (kilometres).
The periapsis is 88234300000.0 and the discoverer is Spacewatch.
The escape velocity is 0.0999 km/s and the epoch is 2013-11-04.
The epoch is 2004-07-14 and the orbital period is 16244700.0.
The epoch is 2004-07-14 and the rotation period is 9953.28.
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 101 Helena.
1036 Ganymed has an average speed of 16.86 km/s and an apoapsis of 611961000.0 km/s.
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade, a German, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
James Craig Watson died from Peritonitis.
Canadian James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
107 Camilla was discovered by N.R.Pogson who was born in Nottingham.
The former name of the 1089 Tama is A919 HA; 1927 WB.
The apoapsis is 373513000.0 (kilometres) and the temperature is 179.0 (kelvins).
1097 Vicia has an epoch of 2006-12-31 and a periapsis of 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has an apoapsis of 523329000.0 (kilometres) and a temperature of 170.0 (kelvins).
109 Felicitas has an epoch of 2006-12-31 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a rotation period of 47487.6 and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
10 hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and a temperature of 164.0°C.
10 hygiea is the former name of A900 GA and the epoch is 2015-06-27.
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
110 Lydia has an orbital period of 142603000.0 and an epoch of 2006-12-31.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 metres.
A-Rosa Luna has a length of 125800.0 (millimetres) and was ordered in 2004-01-22.
AIDA Cruises is operated by AIDA Cruisers and is located in Germany.
AIDA Cruises is operated by AIDA Cruisers and is located in Rostock.
AIDAluna has a top speed of 40.744 and a length of 252000.0 metres.
The christening date of AIDAstella is 2013-03-16 and its length is 253260.0 (millimetres).
Montreal Locomotive Works is the builder of the ALCO RS-3 which has a Diesel-electric transmission.
ALV_X-1 is a rocket stage with a diameter of 1.524 metres.
AMC Matador was built in Kenosha, Wisconsin in 1974.
AMC Matador was designed by Richard A Teague who was employed by Chrysler.
The length of ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is 192000.0 (millimetres).
The Saab 9000 is related to the Alfa Romeo 164 assembly in Milan.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Fiat Croma and has a Fiat Croma assembly.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Lancia Thema and has an assembly in Italy.
Alvis Speed 25 is manufactured by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company in Coventry.
Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
Alvis Speed 25 has a single plate clutch, separate 4-speed gearbox all-silent and all-syncromesh, centre change lever, open tubular propellor shaft with metal joints, spiral bevel fully floating back axle.
Eagle (automobile) is the successor of AMC Matador.
Antares (rocket) was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport on 2014-01-09.
Gabriela Michetti is the leader of Argentina where ARA Veinticinco de Mayo (V-2) is located.
Airbus Defence and Space is the manufacturer of Ariane 5 which was launched from ELA-3.
Airbus Group is the parent company of Airbus Defence and Space which is the manufacturer of Ariane 5.
The Aston Martin V8, which is related to the Aston Martin RHAM/1, is made in the United Kingdom.
Aston Martin V8, successor to Aston Martin Virage, is manufactured by Aston Martin.
The successor to the Aston Martin V8 is the Aston Martin Virage.
The successor of the Aston Martin V8 is the Aston Martin Virage.
Atlas II had a diameter of 3.04 m and a final flight in 1998-03-16.
Atlas II was manufactured by Lockheed Martin and launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Audi e-tron is the manufacturer of the Audi A1.
Audi is a subsidiary of Ducati.
Audi is a subsidiary of Quattro GmbH.
The keyperson of Caterpillar Inc. is Douglas Oberhelman.
Antares (rocket) is comparable to Delta II at Vandenberg Air Force Base.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is the builder of Finland.
General Dynamics Electric Boat is the builder of the American submarine NR-1.
Rolls-Royce Holdings owns MTU Friedrichshafen.
Elizabeth II is the leader of the United Kingdom where Aston Martin V8 is produced.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and attended the Erasmus University Rotterdam. His party is Christian Democratic Appeal.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor to Abdul Rahman Ya'kub who was born in Kingdom of Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud, born in Kingdom of Sarawak, is a member of the Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak party.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, born in Niger State, is the Chief of the Defence Staff (Nigeria). He is a Technical Institute, Kaduna.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar who is inOffice while Vice President of the Nigerian Air Force.
Olusegun Obasanjo is the successor of Abdulsalami Abubakar who is inOffice while Vice President of the Nigerian Army.
Abel Caballero was born in Ponteareas, Galicia, Spain. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies.
Abel Caballero, born in Spain, is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.
Abner W.Sibal served in the United States Army and fought in the World War II. He was commander of the United States army's military branch.
Abner W.Sibal was born in Ridgewood,Queens and served as a member of the Connecticut Senate from the 26th District.
Adam Holloway was a member of the Grenadier Guards and fought in the Gulf War. The commander of the Gulf War was George H. W. Bush.
Adam Holloway was born in Faversham and attended the Magdalene College, Cambridge. He is a Conservative Party member.
Adam Koc was born in Congress Poland and fought in the Polish–Soviet War.
The commander of the Polish–Soviet War is Leon Trotsky and it is part of the Russian Civil War.
The Deputy Parliamentary Spokesman of Popular Orthodox Rally is Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Greece.
Adonis Georgiadis, born in Athens, is the Minister for Health in Greece.
Antonis Samaras and Adonis Georgiadis are members of the New Democracy (Greece) party.
Mark Rutte is the leader of the Netherlands where Agnes Kant is a member of the House of Representatives.
Agnes Kant is a Dutch Socialist Party (Netherlands) member.
Agnes Kant was born in West Germany and graduated from the Radboud University in Nijmegen. She is a member of the House of Representatives.
Airey Neave fought in World War II from 1953-06-30 to 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave was active in World War II from 1974-03-04 to 1979-03-30.
Albert B White was born in 1856-09-22 and died in 1941-07-03.
William M. O.Dawson was the successor to Albert B White who was born in Marietta Ohio.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, United States and died in the United States.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New Mexico, in New York City.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York, United States.
Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires, which is governed by the Buenos Aires City Legislature. Alberto Teisaire died there.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and served as a Rear Admiral. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach, born in Austria, died in Graz.
Alfred N.Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Alfred N.Phillips was born in Darien,Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers served as a member of the Texas State Senate from District 4 (Port Arthur) from the Democratic Party United States. He was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins Jr. and Jr.
Alvah Sabin was active for 1857-03-03. Burlington, Vermont is the largest city in Vermont.
Alvah Sabin was born on 23rd October, 1793-10-23 in the Whig Party (United States).
Daniel Webster is the leader of the Whig Party in Georgia, Vermont.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in the United States. Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the American Civil War.
Alfred Moore Scales fought in the Battle of Fredericksburg in the American Civil War.
Alfons Gorbach was born in the county of Tyrol and died in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) and died in Austria.
Alfons Gorbach died in Styria, Austria.
Aaron S. Daggett fought in the Battle of Salem Church in the American Civil War. Robert E. Lee is the commander.
Ab Klink, born in Stellendam, is a national of the Netherlands where the currency is the Euro.
Adam Koc is from Poland where the language is Polish and the ethnic group is Kashubians.
The escape velocity is 0.0925 km/s and the mass is 5.6 kg and apoapsis is 6603633000.0 km/s.
The orbital period is 39447000.0, the periapsis is 88234300000.0, and the discoverer is Spacewatch.
The minimum temperature is -71.0 (degreeCelsius) and the maximum temperature is 500.0 (kelvins) and the apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres).
The apoapsis is 162164091.8388 (kilometres) and the averageSpeed is 37.16 (kilometrePerSeconds) and the density is 2.0 (gramPerCubicCentimetres).
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an epoch of 2015-06-27.
In 2015-06-27, the former name is "1923 OAA907 XC" and the periapsis is 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
101 Helena has a mass of 3.0 kg and an escape velocity of 0.0348 km/s and apoapsis of 441092000.0 km/s.
Walter Baade, a German, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed and the alma mater of the University of Göttingen.
James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin on August 27, 2011.
James Craig Watson, who died in Madison, Wisconsin, was the discoverer of 103 Hera.
The apoapsis is 437170000.0 (kilometres) and the epoch is 2011-08-27.
The escape velocity is 0.0482 (kilometrePerSeconds) and the temperature is 170.0 (kelvins) and the apoapsis is 437170000.0 (kilometres).
N.R.Pogson, born in Nottingham, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla.
1089 Tama, a former name of A894 VA; A904 VD, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and an epoch of 2005-11-26.
1089 Tama has a periapsis of 288749000000.0 and a apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres).
In 2006-12-31, the former name is "1928 PC" and the periapsis is 279142000000.0.
109 Felicitas has a mass of 7.5 kilograms and an orbital period of 139705000.0.
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and an apoapsis of 523329000.0 (kilometres).
10Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s, an orbital period of 5.57 days, and a apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km/s.
10Hygiea has an average speed of 16.76 km/s and an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 km/s.
10Hygiea has an apoapsis of 523951582.33968 (kilometres) and a surface area of 837080.744 (squareKilometres).
110 Lydia has a mass of 6.7 kilograms and a periapsis of 377016000000.0.
110 Lydia has a periapsis of 377016000000.0 and a apoapsis of 440756000.0 (kilometres).
Aaron Bertram is a pop music artist associated with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends.
Aaron Deer is an indie rock musician from Indiana, United States.
Aaron Deer is from the United States and originates from Indiana.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Black Metal band Greymachine and is associated with the Twilight band.
Aaron Turner is a drone music artist associated with Greymachine and the Twilight band.
Aaron Turner is a member of the Twilight band and is associated with Mamiffer, a genre of Ambient music.
Aaron Turner is a musician who plays electric guitar and black metal.
Aaron Turner is a black metal musician who sings in the Death Metal genre.
Magik (rapper) and Kaliber44 were born on 12 November 1978.
Abradab is from Katowice and is associated with Magik (rapper) and Kaliber44.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop music genre that is influenced by funk and disco.
Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay where Agustín Barboza was born.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the Rock music genre and is associated with the NRBQ band.
Alan Frew is a rock musician from the Bhangra genre. Rock music is popular in the country music genre.
Albennie Jones is a jazz musician from the Afrobeat genre.
Albennie Jones, born in Errata, Mississippi, is a rhythm and blues artist.
Aleksandra Kovač is a pop music artist associated with Bebi Dol and K2 Sisters Duo.
Aleksandra Kovač is a pop music artist associated with Bebi Dol and Kornelije Kovač.
Aleksandra Kovač is a member of K2(Kovač-sisters-duo) and Kristina Kovač's Kovač Sisters Duo.
Alex Day is a Synthpop artist from the Disco genre.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in Sidcup.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in Manchester, United Kingdom, died in London.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester, leader of the Labour Party in the UK.
Boris Johnson is the leader of London where the death place is Sidcup.
Alison O'Donnell is associated with Flibbertigibbet, Mellow Candle and Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell is a Folk-music artist associated with Mellow Candle and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who uses voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp.
Alison O'Donnell's Jazz record label is Static Caravan Recordings.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and is a solo singer.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama and is a solo singer.
Andrew White (musician) is a musician from the New Wave genre of Alternative rock.
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso and Tab Benoit and Kirk Joseph.
Anders Osborne's record label is Rabadash Records and he is a rock musician. Bhangra is a genre of rock music.
Andra (singer) is associated with Puya (singer), CRBL and Dance-pop.
Andra (singer) is associated with Marius Moga and Andreea Bălan.
Andra (singer) is a solo singer in the genre of Rhythm and Blues. She is a derivative of Disco.
Andrew Rayel is a Trance-music artist associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns.
Andrew Rayel is a Trance-music artist associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Bobina.
Andrew Rayel is a member of the House music genre. He is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns.
Andrew White (a.k.a. Marry Banilow) is a member of the Universal Records (defunct record label) and is associated with the Kaiser Chiefs.
Aaron Bertram is a Ska punk artist associated with Suburban Legends.
Albennie Jones was born in Errata,Mississippi and is an African American.
The 1955 Dodge Coronet has a 3-speed automatic transmission and a V8 engine.
A-Rosa Luna is a cruise ship with a length of 125800.0 (millimetres) and ordered 2004-01-22.
The A-Rosa Luna has a top speed of 24.0 and a length of 125800.0 metres.
Costa-Crociere is the owner of AIDA Cruises which is located in Germany and is operated by AIDA Cruisers.
AIDAstella has a length of 253260.0 (millimetres) and a christening date of 2013-03-16.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres and a four-stroke engine.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres and a V12 engine.
The ALCO RS-3, built by the American Locomotive Company, is 17068.8 metres long and is located in Schenectady, New York.
The African Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the country origin is the United States and the demonym is Americans.
Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the country origin is the United States.
The ALV-X-1 is a rocket stage with a diameter of 1.524 metres and a total launches of 1.
Abarth 1000 GT Coupé was produced in 1958 and has a straight-four engine.
The Abarth 1000 GT Coupé is a two door coupe with a wheelbase of 2160.0 metres and a width of 1.55 metres.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) has a shipBeam of 21.2 and a builder with Helsinki and Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Fiat Croma in Italy where the capital city is Rome.
Alfa Romeo 164 is made in Italy where the capital is Rome and the Transportation is Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo 164 is related to Fiat Croma and Lancia Thema and has a Fiat Croma assembly.
The Fiat Croma and Saab 9000 are related to the Alfa Romeo 164.
Alhambra has a length of 63800.0 (millimetres) and a shipLaunch of 1855-05-31.
Alhambra is a wrecked ship with a shipBeam of 8.3 m and a shipLaunch of 1855-05-31.
Alvis Speed 25 is made by the Alvis Car and Engineering Company in Coventry and has a petrol engine.
Roy Chapman, Jr. is the key person of the AMC Matador which was manufactured by American Motors.
Antares (rocket) is manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office in the United States.
Antares (rocket) is a medium expendable launch system manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office. It is located at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Ariane 5 was manufactured by Arianespace and was launched from Guiana Space Centre.
The Aston Martin V8 is based in Newport Pagnell, Buckinghamshire, England, United Kingdom and has an assembly number of 5.3 litres.
The Aston Martin V8 is based in the United Kingdom and has a 5.3 litre engine and a relatedMean of transportation of Aston Martin DBS.
Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base in the United States and Cape Canaveral Air Force Base.
Atlas II comes from the United States where Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups and the President is the leader.
Atlas II was launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station at Spaceport Florida in the United States.
The Audi A1 has a 1.2 litre engine and a Hatchback body style.
Audi is the manufacturer of the Audi A1 which is related to Volkswagen Polo and Seat Ibiza.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois and is the foundation of AIDAluna.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Illinois and is owned by AIDA Cruises.
Costa-Crociere is located in Genoa and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The United States is the launch site for the Delta II rocket, which is comparable to the Delta II launched by Vandenberg AFB Space Launch Complex 2.
ELA-3 is the launch site for the Ariane 5 and Guiana Space Centre.
Guiana Space Centre is located in Kourou, French Guiana and ELA-3 is the launch site.
Neptun Werft, located in Rostock, Germany, is the builder of A-Rosa Luna.
Atlas II is from the United States where the demonym is Americans and the ethnic group is African American.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg, SV Werder Bremen and Goslarer SC 08.
Aaron Hunt plays for VfL Wolfsburg and SV Werder Bremen II.
Abel Hernández plays for the Central Español youth club and the U.S.Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández, who plays for the Central Español youth club, plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo.
Adam Maher was born in the Netherlands and played for PSV Eindhoven and AZ Alkmaar.
Akeem Adams plays for the United Petrotrin F.C. club in Palo Seco.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by the Los Angeles Rams in the 2nd round.
Akeem Ayers was drafted by St. Louis Rams in the 2nd round.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia.
Alaa Abdul-Zahra was born in Iraq and plays for Shabab Al Ordon Club.
Al Kharaitiyat SC is located in Al Kharaitoniyat, Shabab Al Ordon Club.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1, 1989 in Clyde F.C.
Alan Martin (footballer) plays for the Motherwell F.C. and the Accrington Stanley F.C..
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born on September 2, 1995 in Tampere, Finland.
Aleksander Barkov, Jr. was born in Tampere, Finland on September 2, 1995.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in the Soviet Union and died in Russia. Vladimir Putin is the leader of Russia.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989. He played for FC Kuban Krasnodar and FC Alania Vladikavkaz.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989 and played for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for Olympique Lyonnais and plays for AZAL PFK.
Aleksandre Guruli plays for the US Lesquin club and plays at Parc Olympique Lyonnais.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.C. Milan, who are managed by Siniša Mihajlović.
Alessio Romagnoli played for A.C. Milan and U.C. Sampdoria.
Alessio Romagnoli plays for A.S. Roma and plays for Italy National Under 16 Football Team.
Alessio Romagnoli was born in Italy and played for the U.C. Sampdoria.
Alex Plante was born in Brandon, Manitoba and played for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in Canada and played for Anyang Halla. He has a height of 1.9304.
Alex Tyus played for Maccabi Ashdod B.C. in the Euroleague.
Zvi Sherf is the coach of the Maccabi Ashdod B.C. who play in the Turkish Basketball Super League.
Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Spartak Moscow and plays for FC Tom Tomsk.
Aleksandr Prudnikov, who plays for FC Anzhi Makhachkala, plays for FC Spartak Moscow.
Aleksandr Chumakov and Valery Petrakov played for FC Torpedo Moscow in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguay Olympic football team and is the manager of Hull City AFC.
Aleksandr Chumakov was born in Moscow and died in Russia.
Luis Miguel Ramirez is the manager of the Real Madrid Castilla, who play in the Brazil National Under-20 Football Team.
Luis Miguel Ramirez is the manager of Real Madrid Castilla and Abner (footballer) plays for C.D.FAS.
Alex Tyus was born in St. Louis, which is part of Greater St. Louis. Francis G. Slay is the leader of St Louis.
Akeem Ayers played for the New England Patriots and played for the Tennessee Titans.
Akeem Adams plays for the Trinidad and Tobago National Under-20 Football Team and plays in the Palo Seco ground.
Alexander Nouri is the manager of SV Werder Bremen II in the league 3.Liga.
Abel Hernández plays for the Central Español club and is part of the Hull City A.F.C. youth club. Steve Bruce is the manager of the club.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of Abel Hernandez, a youth club in the U.S.Città di Palermo.
Abel Hernández plays for the U.S.Città di Palermo, who are in the Serie A league. They are managed by Giuseppe Iachini.
Adam McQuaid was born in Prince Edward Island on October 12, 1986. He weighed 94.8024 kilograms.
Adam McQuaid played for the Columbus Blue Jackets in Columbus, Ohio. Don Sweeney is the general manager of the Boston Bruins.
Akeem Ayers played for the Tennessee Titans from 1989-07-10.
Akeem Dent was born in Atlanta, Georgia on September 27, 1987.
Akeem Dent was born on September 27, 1987 in Atlanta, Georgia. He played for the Atlanta Falcons and Houston Texans.
Al Kharaitiyat SC's ground is Al Khor and their manager is Amar Osim and they play in Al Zawra'a SC.
Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Khor, Iraq. The club plays in the Iraq National Under 23 Football Team.
Amar Osim is the manager of Al Kharaitiyat SC, which is located in Al Kharaiton, Shabab Al Ordon Club ground.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1, 1989 in Crewe Alexandra F.C. and played for Hamilton Academical Football Club.
Alan Martin (footballer) was born on January 1, 1989 in Crewe Alexandra F.C. and played for Scotland National Under-21 Football Team.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989 and played for FC Kubaan Krasnodar and FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Prudnikov was born on the 24th of February 1989. He played for FC Rubin Kazan and FC Spartak Moscow.
Aleksandre Guruli, born in Batumi, plays for FC Zestafoni and has a height of 178.0 cm.
Alex Plante was born in 1989 in Canada and played for Anyang Halla.
Alex Plante was born in Canada in 1989 and played for Anyang Halla.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada and the leader is Elizabeth II.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the leader is Elizabeth II and the anthem is O Canada. Asian Canadians are one of the ethnic groups in Canada.
Aaron Boogaard was born in Canada where the anthem is O Canada and the language is Slavey.
Rashid Rakhimov and Aleksandr Prudnikov play for FC Terek Grozny and FC Kuban Krasnodar respectively.
Aleksandr Chumakov and Valery Petrakov are the chairman and manager of FC Torpedo Moscow, who played in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15.
Akeem Dent played for the Atlanta Falcons in Houston, Texas.
Abel Hernández plays for the Uruguayan Primera División and is part of the Hull City A.F.C. youth club. Steve Bruce is the manager of the club.
The orbital period is 8788850000.0 and the apoapsis is 6603633000.0 (kilometres) and the periapsis is 6155910000000.0.
The escape velocity is 0.0999 km/s and the apoapsis is 254989570.60815 km/s. The epoch is 2013-11-04 and the orbital period is 360.29 days.
The mean temperature is 265.0 (kelvins) and the apoapsis is 254989570.60815 (kilometres). The epoch is 2013-11-04 and the orbital period is 360.29 days.
1000 Piazzia has an orbital period of 488160.0 and a periapsis of 352497000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0252 (kilometrePerSeconds).
Sergey Belyavsky was the discoverer of 1001 Gaussia, which has an epoch of 2015-06-27 and a periapsis of 419113394.55312 (kilometres).
Walter Baade was born in German Empire and graduated from the University of Göttingen with a PhD in almaMater. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Allan Sandage is a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen.
Walter Baade, born in Preußisch Oldendorf, was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade, a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen, was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. He died in West Germany.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison, Michigan. He was the discoverer of 103Hera.
James Craig Watson, a Canadian, was the discoverer of 103 Hera, which has an apoapsis of 437170000.0 kilometres.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison,Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 103Hera.
N.R.Pogson, born in Nottingham, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla, which has a periapsis of 479343000.0 (kilometres).
N.R.Pogson was born in Nottingham on March 1, 2001. He was the discoverer of 107 Camilla, which was discovered on March 1st, 2001.
1089 Tama, a former name of A894 VA; A904 VD, has an orbital period of 1202.846 days and a periapsis of 288749000000.0.
The escape velocity is 0.0068 km/s and the orbital period is 1202.846 days and the apoapsis is 373513000.0 km/s.
1097 Vicia has a mass of 9.8 kilograms and an orbital period of 135589000.0 and apoapsis of 511592000.0 (kilometres).
109 Felicitas has an orbital period of 139705000.0 and a periapsis of 283326000000.0 and an escape velocity of 0.0473 (kilometrePerSeconds).
10Hygiea, formerly known as A900 GA, has an orbital period of 5.57 days and a periapsis of 416136000000.0.
The escape velocity is 0.02 (kilometrePerSeconds) and the apoapsis is 520906000.0 (kilometres). The epoch is 2006-12-31 and the orbital period is 183309000.0.
The former name of 1101 Clematis is 1928 SJ and the orbital period is 183309000.0 and the periapsis is 445895000000.0.
The escape velocity is 0.02 km/s and the periapsis is 445895000000.0 km/s. The orbital period is 183309000.0 and the epoch is 2006-12-31.
The 1955 Dodge has a 3-speed automatic transmission, a V8 engine, and a 120.0 (inches) wheelbase.
Chrysler Newport is the successor to DeSoto Custom which was manufactured by DeSoto(automobile) and is related to Dodge.
Costa-Crociere is the owner of AIDACruises which is located in Rostock. It is the operator of AIDA Cruises which was built by Meyer-Werft.
Costa-Crociere is the owner of AIDAstella which has a length of 253260.0 (millimetres) and is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3 in May 1950 - August 1956. It has a diesel-electric transmission and a V12 engine.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 (millimetres), a V12 engine, and a buildDate of May 1950 - August 1956.
The American Locomotive Company, based in Schenectady, New York, is the builder of the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 metres and is located in the United States.
The ALCO RS-3, built in May 1950 - August 1956, has a diesel-electric transmission and a V12 engine.
Built in May 1950 - August 1956, the ALCO RS-3 is a four-stroke engine from the Montreal Locomotive Works.
AMC Matador is a station wagon that has an AMC V8 engine and is made in Mexico City.
AMC Matador is a mid-size car with an AMC straight-6 engine and a Kenosha, Wisconsin assembly.
Acura TLX is a mid-size car with a front-wheel drive / all-wheel drive layout and a Honda K engine.
The Acura TLX is a luxury vehicle with a V6 engine and a front-engine design. It was built at Marysville Auto Plant.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is in service at the Arctech Helsinki Shipyard in Finland. The shipBeam is 21.2 and the builder is Finland.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is from Finland where the leader is Juha Sipilä and the demonym is Finns.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) has a shipBeam of 21.2 and is in service at Helsinki Shipyard and Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
The Alfa Romeo 164 is based in Italy and has a straight-four engine and a Saab 9000 engine. It has a relatedMean of transportation of Lancia Thema.
Alfa Romeo's Alfa Romeo 164 is based in Italy and has a V6 engine and a Saab 9000 engine. The relatedMean of transportation is Fiat Croma.
Alhambra is a sunken ship with a length of 63800.0 metres and a shipLaunch of 1855-05-31.
Alvis Speed 25 is a successor to the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and has a petrol engine.
Alvis Speed 25 is a descendant of the Alvis Car and Engineering Company which was founded in Coventry and is now owned by the Rover Company. The engine is a straight-six engine.
Roy Chapman, Jr. is the key person of AMC Matador, which was produced by American Motors and Chrysler.
The American submarine NR-1, built by General Dynamics Electric Boat, has a top speed of 8.334 and a shipBeam of 3.8 m.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched in 1969-01-25 with a top speed of 8.334 and a length of 45000.0 metres.
Antares_(rocket) was manufactured by Yuzhnoye Design Office and launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares_(rocket) which was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on April 21, 2013 and completed its maiden flight on September 18, 2013.
The Aston Martin V8 is a successor to the Aston Martin Virage which was manufactured by Aston Martin in London.
The Aston Martin V8 is based in the United Kingdom and has an engine of 5.3 litres and a relatedmean of transportation of Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The Aston Martin V8, successor to the Aston Martin Virage, has a 5.3 litre engine and is related to the Aston-Martin V8.
Atlas II was launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base and Cape Canaveral Air Force Base in 2002-12-05.
The Audi A1 is a supermini with a 1.2 litre engine and a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout.
The Audi e-tron is a subsidiary of Ducati and was founded by August Horch.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna which is a Caterpillar Inc. Caterpillar Inc is located in Illinois and is a power type Caterpillar Inc
Costa-Crociere is located in Genoa and is operated by AIDA Cruises. It was built by Meyer Werft and is owned by AIDA Astella.
Delta II is a rocket launched from Cape Canaveral Air Force Station in the United States. Delta II is comparable to the Delta II launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
The United States is the launch site for the Delta II, a rocket that is comparable to the Delta II and Cape Canaveral Air Force Station.
Fiat Croma is related to Opel Vectra and Fiat Croma. It is a sedan (automobile) car and has a Fiat Croma assembly in Italy.
Fiat Croma is related to Opel Vectra and Fiat Croma. It is a sedan (automobile) car and has a Fiat Croma assembly in Milan.
The American submarine NR-1 is located in Groton, Connecticut. It has a 3.8 m beam and was built by General Dynamics Electric Boat.
Neptun Werft is the builder of A-Rosa Luna which is located in Rostock, Germany. The country's leader is Stanislaw Tillich.
Atlas II is from the United States where the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English. African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Atlas II is from the United States where the demonym is Americans and the capital is Washington D.C. and the ethnic group is African American.
Aaron Bertram is a member of the Ska Punk genre and is associated with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends.
Aaron Deer is a solo singer in the Psychedelic genre. He was born in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Aaron Turner is a member of Isis (band) and Sumac (band), both of which are electroacoustic music.
Aaron Turner has been active since 1995. He is associated with the post-metal Twilight band and is a member of the Old Man Gloom band.
Aaron Turner is a Black Metal musician who plays electric guitar and is associated with Sumac (band) and Death Metal.
Ace Wilder was a solo singer born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982.
Ace Wilder was a solo singer born in Sweden on July 23, 1982.
Ace Wilder was a solo singer born in Stockholm in 1982.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden in 1982. He is a solo singer.
Ahmet Ertegun is a non-performing-personnel rhythm and blues artist from the United States. He was originally from Washington, D.C.
Ahmet Ertegun is a rock and roll band from the United States, where African Americans are one of the ethnic groups.
Albennie Jones has been active in the genre of Rhythm and Blues since 1950.
Albennie Jones, born in the United States, is an African American jazz musician.
Aleksandra Kovač was a solo singer born in Belgrade in 1972.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer.
Alex Day was a member of the Chameleon Circuit (band) and the associatedBand/associatedMusicalArtist is Charlie McDonnell. He was active in 2006.
Chameleon Circuit (band) and associatedBand/associatedMusicalArtist, Charlie McDonnell, played electronic music in 2006.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England in 1872 and died in London.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay, where Daniel Martínez (politician) is the leader.
Alfredo Zitarrosa was born in Uruguay and is a solo singer. He was a member of the Candombe genre.
Alison O'Donnell has been active since 1963 and is associated with Bajik and Flibbertigibbet.
Alison O'Donnell has been active since 1963. She is associated with Mellow Candle, Head South By Weaving and Folk music.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz artist from London, Deram Records and Floating World Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz artist from London. She is the record label of Deram Records and Fruits de Mer Records.
Allen Forrest was a solo singer born in 1981 in Fort Campbell.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell, KY, raised in Dothan, AL in 1981. He is a solo singer.
Andrew White (musician) is associated with Marry Banilow and is a punk rock artist. Alternative rock is a genre of Nu Metal.
Anders Osborne is associated with Billy Iuso, Tab Benoit and Galactic. He is a rock musician.
Anders Osborne has a Blues record label, Shanachie Records, located in Chicago.
Andra (born in Romania) is a solo singer in the dance-pop genre.
Andra (singer) is a rhythm and blues artist who is influenced by blues and disco.
Andrew Rayel has been active since 2009. He is associated with Jonathan Mendelsohn and Christian Burns. He is a Trance music artist.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Christian Burns. He is a member of the House music genre.
Andrew White (a.k.a. Marry Banilow) has been active since 2003. He is associated with the Kaiser Chiefs and is a member of the Alternative Rock genre.
Andrew White (a.k.a. Marry Banilow) was a member of the Universal Records (defunct record label) in 2003.
Juan Afara is the leader of Paraguay where Asunción is part of Gran Asunción.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of the NRBQ band. He is associated with The Wildweeds and has a Banjo instrument.
Allen Forrest is from the hip hop music genre, Disco, Funk, Drum and bass.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in England and served as leader of the Labour Party in Manchester, Greater Manchester.
Aaron Turner is a post-metal musician who is associated with House of Low Culture and the Twilight band.
Aaron Turner is a musician associated with the Black Metal genre. He plays electric guitar and is associated with the Death Metal genre.
Albennie Jones is from the United States where African Americans are an ethnic group and the genre of Rhythm and Blues is Blues.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the American Civil War. He was awarded a Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Aaron S. Daggett was born in Maine and fought in the Battle of the Wilderness. He was awarded a Purple Heart and died in West Roxbury.
Ab Klink was born in the Netherlands and has an office in the Ministry of Health, Welfare and Sport (Netherlands). It is affiliated with the Association of MBAs.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and resides in Kuching.
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Kingdom of Sarawak. He is a party member of Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bergatu.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor of Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese occupation of British Borneo and is a member of Barisan Ra'ayat Jati Sarawak.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor of Adenan Satem who was born in Japanese Occupation of British Borneo and resides in Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar, who is inOfficeWhileVicePresident, is the successor of Oladipo Diya and Mike Akhigbe. He is a Nigerian Army soldier.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the successor of Oladipo Diya and Al-Amin Daggash. He is the military branch of the Nigerian Air Force.
Juan Carlos I of Spain is the predecessor of Francisco Franco and Abel Caballero who was born in Galicia, Spain.
Abel Caballero, born in Galicia, Spain, is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and the Minister of Transport.
Casey Ribicoff and Abraham A. Ribicoff were born in New Britain, Connecticut in the United States. Native Americans are an ethnic group in the United states.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent and graduated from Magdalene College, Cambridge in 2005. He fought in the Gulf War.
Adam Koc was a Polish national who fought in the Polish–Soviet War. He was commander of Joseph Stalin and the Polish language is spoken in Poland.
Joseph Stalin is the commander of the Polish–Soviet War which is part of the Russian Civil War and fought in New York City.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was Vice-President of New Democracy and was succeeded by Makis Voridis.
The Ministry of Economy, Development and Tourism (Greece) is the successor of the Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Athens. He is the successor to Makis Voridis.
Adonis Georgiadis was born in Athens, Greece. He was a member of the Hellenic Parliament and his successor is Makis Voridis.
The leader of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) is Emile Roemer. The country's currency is the Euro.
Agnes Kant is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) and a member of House of Representatives (Netherland). Her office is House of Representatives and her party is the Socialist Party.
The Socialist Party (Netherlands) is the leader of the Netherlands. The country's leader is Mark Rutte and its leader is Emile Roemer.
The Socialist Party (Netherlands) is led by Emile Roemer and is red.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, fought in the Battle of France from 1953-06-30 to 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave, born in Knightsbridge, London, fought in the Battle of France from 1974-03-04 to 1979-03-30.
Airey Neave is a unit of the Royal Artillery. It is garrisoned at Hohne and fought in World War II. Chiang Kai-shek is the commander.
William M.O.Dawson was born in Bloomington,Maryland and died in Parkersburg,West Virginia.
William M. O.Dawson was the successor to Albert B. White who was born in Cleveland on April 3, 1905.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York and served in the American Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was the commander of the American Civil war. French is one of the languages spoken in New York.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in New York City and fought in the American Civil War. He died in Doña Ana County, New Mexico.
Albert Jennings Fountain was born in Staten Island, New York, United States. He died in New Mexico Territory.
Alberto Teisaire, leader of the Justicialist Party, died in Buenos Aires. Horacio Rodríguez Larreta is the leader of Buenos Aires.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and served as a Rear Admiral in the Argentine Senate. He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfred Moore Scales was born in Reidsville, North Carolina. He was appointed Governor of North Carolina by the Democratic Party United States and is now the successor to Daniel Gould Fowle.
Alfred N Phillips is a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was born in Connecticut and served in the United States Army.
Alfred N Phillips was born in Connecticut and served as a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Connecticut's 4th district. He was succeeded by Albert E Austin.
Alfred N.Phillips was born in Darien, Connecticut. He served as mayor of Stamford, Connecticut and was succeeded by Albert E. Austin.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served as Governor of Texas. He was succeeded by Price Daniel.
Allan Shivers was born in Lufkin, Texas and served as Governor of Texas. He was succeeded by Wilfred R. Cousins Jr. and Jr.
Alvah Sabin is the Secretary of State of Vermont. He is located in Burlington, Vermont, the largest city in Vermont.
Daniel Webster is the leader of the Vermont Whig Party, which is located in Burlington, Vermont, the largest city in Vermont.
Aaron S. Daggett was awarded a Purple Heart for his part in the Battle of Gettysburg. Robert E. Lee was the commander of the American Civil War.
Juan Perón is a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). Alberto Teisaire is an Argentinian who speaks Spanish.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina and served as a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). He was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Costa-Crociere is the parent company of AIDA Cruises, which is located in Germany. Costa-Croiere is the operator of AIDACruises, which was built by Meyer-Werft.
Meyer Werft is the builder of AIDAstella, which has a top speed of 38.892 and a length of 253260.0 (millimetres). It is operated by AIDA Cruises.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 (millimetres), a cylinder count of 12 and a build date of May 1950 - August 1956.
The American Locomotive Company built the ALCO RS-3, which has a length of 17068.8 (millimetres), a cylinder count of 12, a V12 engine and a build date of May 1950 - August 1956.
Native Americans in the United States are the ethnic group of the United States where the anthem is The Star-Spangled Banner and the capital is Washington DC. The country origin is from the United States and the demonym is Americans.
The AMC Matador is a mid-size car with an AMC V8 engine and a Thames, New Zealand assembly.
Alhambra is located in London and is owned by P&O_(company) which is located in the city. The shipBeam is 8.3m and the powerType is Humphrys,Tennant and Dykes.
Roy Chapman, Jr. is the key person of AMC Matador, which is the successor to American Motors, which was founded by Roy Chapman,Jr. and is owned by Chrysler.
The American submarine NR-1 was launched in 1969-01-25 with a top speed of 8.334 and a shipDraft of 4.6 m. It has a length of 45000.0 (millimetres) and a shipBeam of 3.8 m.
Delta II is the country origin for the launch pad at the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport in the United States. The launch site is located at the Mid Atlantic Regional Spaceport and the associated rocket is the Minotaur IV.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares_(rocket) which has a diameter of 3.9 metres and a maiden flight in 2014-07-13 and a launch site in Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0.
Yuzhnoye Design Office is the manufacturer of Antares_(rocket) which was launched from the Mid-Atlantic Regional Spaceport Launch Pad 0 on October 28, 2014 and completed its maiden flight on September 18, 2013.
Ariane 5 was launched from Guiana Space Centre in 2005 and completed its maiden flight in 2009. It has a diameter of 5.4 metres and was manufactured by Airbus Defence and Space.
Arianespace is the operator of the Guiana Space Centre in Courcouronnes. The launch site is located at the ELA-3 launch site in French Guiana.
The Aston Martin V8 is a successor to the Aston Martin Vantage. It has a 5.3 litre engine and a relatedMean of transportation of Aston Martin DBS.
The Aston Martin V8 is a coupé with a 5.3 litre engine and a relatedmean of transportation of Aston Martin DBS and Aston Martin RHAM/1.
The successor to the Aston Martin V8 is the Aston Martin Virage which was produced by Aston Martin in the United Kingdom and is related to the Aston-Martin V8.
The Audi A1 is a hatchback with a 1.2 litre engine and a front-engine, front-wheel-drive layout. It has a Brussels, Belgium assembly.
Audi, founded by August Horch and Ducati, is a subsidiary of Lamborghini.
AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDAluna, which is located in Peoria, Illinois, United States. Caterpillar Inc. is the foundation of AIDaluna which is powered by Caterpillar Inc..
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Rostock, United States. Douglas Oberhelman is the keyperson and AIDA Cruises is the owner of AIDA Cruisers.
Caterpillar Inc. is located in Peoria, Illinois, United States. Douglas Oberhelman is the keyperson and is the owner of AIDA Cruises.
Costa-Crociere is located in Genoa. It is the parent company of Carnival-Corporation & Plc, AIDA Cruises and Meyer-Werft.
Aleksey Chirikov (icebreaker) is the builder of Finland where the demonym is Finns and Sami languages are spoken. The Finnish leader is Juha Sipilä and the language is Arctech Helsinki Shipyard.
Neptun Werft is located in Rostock, Germany. The capital city is Berlin and Neptun Werft is the builder of A-Rosa Luna.
Neptun Werft is the builder of A-Rosa Luna which is located in Rostock, Germany. The country's leader is Andreas Voßkuhle.
Atlas II is from the United States where the demonym is Americans and the capital is Washington D.C. and the language is English. Native Americans are one of the ethnic groups in the United States.
Jorge Orosmán da Silva is the manager of the Central Español youth club. They play in the Uruguayan Segunda División league and play in the U.S.Città di Palermo.
Aleksandr Chumakov died in Russia where the leader is Valentina Matviyenko and the club is called FC Torpedo Moscow and the manager is Valery Petrakov.
Oleh Lazhny and Jean-Michel Aulas are the chairman of FC Karpaty Lviv. They play at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais ground.
Alessio Romagnoli is a defender who plays for U.C. Sampdoria. He plays for A.C. Milan, where Siniša Mihajlović is the manager.
Alessio Romagnoli played for the U.C. Sampdoria and currently plays for A.C. Milan, who are managed by Silvio Berlusconi and the chairman of the club is Siniša Mihajlović.
The U.S.Città di Palermo are managed by Giuseppe Iachini. They play in the Uruguayan Segunda División league and play in the Central Español youth club.
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov. The ground is Otkrytiye Arena and the manager is Gadzhi Gadzhiyev. The club is known as FC Amkar Perm.
The chairman of FC Spartak Moscow is Sergey Rodionov. The ground is Grozny and the manager is Rashid Rakhimov. Aleksandr Prudnikov plays for FC Terek Grozny.
Rashid Rakhimov is the manager of FC_Terek Grozny, a youth club in Grozny. They play in FC Dynamo Moscow.
Aleksandr Chumakov, born in the Soviet Union, played for FC Torpedo Moscow in the Russian Premier League in 2014-15. He was manager of the Soviet Union national football team.
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of Ferencvárosi TC, which plays at the Palo Seco ground. The club's manager is Thomas Doll and they play at the ground.
Gábor Kubatov is the chairman of the Ferencvárosi TC, which plays in the Palo Seco Velodrome ground and has Thomas Doll as its manager.
The orbital period is 8788850000.0 and the apoapsis is 6603633000.0 (kilometres) and the periapsis is 5.6 (kilograms).
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin on August 15, 1868 and died in Madison,Wisconsin. He was the discoverer of 101 Helena, which was discovered in 1868-08-15.
James Craig Watson was the discoverer of 101 Helena. He was born in Canada and died in Madison, Wisconsin. He is the alma mater of the University of Michigan.
Walter Baade, a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen, was born in Germany and died in Göttingens. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Allan Sandage is the alma mater of the University of Göttingen.
Walter Baade was born in Germany in the German Empire. He was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen, where Allan Sandage was the alma mater. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed.
Walter Baade was born in Germany and was a doctoral student at the University of Göttingen. He was the discoverer of 1036 Ganymed. Allan Sandage was his alma mater.
Canadian James Craig Watson died in Madison, Wisconsin on 1868-09-07.
James Craig Watson was born in Madison, Wisconsin and died in Madison, Michigan. He was the discoverer of 103 Hera, which has a periapsis of 371240000.0 km.
107 Camilla was discovered by B. Zellner in 2006-12-31. It has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres and a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres.
107 Camilla, which was discovered by C. Woods in 2006-12-31, has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and a periapsis of 479343000.0 kilometres and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 kilometres.
107 Camilla was discovered by F.Vilas in 2006-12-31. It has an orbital period of 2368.05 days and an apoapsis of 560937000.0 km and a periapsis of 479343000.0 km.
N.R.Pogson, born in Nottingham, England, was the discoverer of 107 Camilla, which has an absolute magnitude of 7.08 and a nationality of England.
1089Tama, formerly known as A919 HA; 1927 WB, has an escape velocity of 0.0068 (kilometrePerSeconds) and an apoapsis of 373513000.0 (kilometres) and an orbital period of 1202.846 (days).
The escape velocity of 1101 Clematis is 0.02 (kilometrePerSeconds) and the mass is 5.7 (kilograms). The apoapsis is 520906000.0 (kilometres) and the orbital period is 183309000.0.
The 11264 Claudiomaccone has an orbital period of 1513.722 (days) and an apoapsis of 296521000.0 (kilometres) and a periapsis of 475426000.0, and a temperature of 173.0 (kelvins
Abdul Taib Mahmud was born in Miri, Malaysia on May 21, 1936. He is a member of the Parti Pesaka Bumiputera Bersatu party and resides in Kuching.
Abdul Taib Mahmud is the successor of Adenan Satem. He was born in Kingdom of Sarawak and resides in Demak Jaya, Jalan Bako, Kuching, Sarawak.
Abdulsalami Abubakar served as the Vice President of Nigeria's Nigerian Navy from 1999 to 2005. He was also a member of the Nigerian Navy's active years end date was 1999-05-29.
Abdulsalami Abubakar is the successor of Olusegun Obasanjo and Mike Akhigbe. He was inOfficeWhileVicePresident for Nigeria Army from 1999-05-29.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and served as Governor of Connecticut. He was a member of the Democratic Party in the United States.
The United States Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare is Abraham A. Ribicoff. He was born in Connecticut and died in New York City.
Abraham A. Ribicoff was born in Connecticut and died in New York. He is a native American from the United States.
Adam Holloway was born in Kent. He was a member of Parliament for Gravesham and a member of the Grenadier Guards. He was an active member of the Magdalene College, Cambridge.
Adam Holloway was born in Faverham, Kent, England on May 5th, 2005. He was a member of the Conservative Party (UK) and served in the Grenadier Guards.
Antonis Samaras, Konstantinos Mitsotakis and Makis Voridis are the successors of Adonis Georgiadis who was born in Greece.
The Socialist Party (Netherlands) is the leader of the Socialist Party in the Netherlands. The country's leader is Mark Rutte and its office is House of Representatives.
Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who is a member of the House of Representatives in the Netherlands. Her office is House of Representatives (Netherlands), her residence is Doesburg and her leader is Mark Rutte.
Agnes Kant is a Dutch national who lives in Doesburg. She is a member of the Socialist Party (Netherlands) which is led by Mark Rutte.
Albert B White was born in Parkersburg, West Virginia on August 22nd, 1856. He died on March 3rd, 1941.
Albert B White was born in Cleveland and died in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He was succeeded by Agnes Ward White and William M O Dawson.
Albert B White was born in Cleveland, West Virginia on April 3, 1905. He served as Governor of West Virginia from 1903 to 1905 and was succeeded by William M. O.Dawson.
William M. O.Dawson was the successor to Albert B. White who was born in Cleveland, United States on April 3, 1905.
Juan Perón is the leader of the Argentine Labour Party (Argentina). He is married to Eva Perón and is in office while president. Alberto Teisaire died in Buenos Aires.
Alberto Teisaire was born in Mendoza, Argentina on May 20, 1890. He served as a Rear Admiral and was succeeded by Isaac Rojas.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol, Austria. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party and died in Styria.
Alfons Gorbach was born in Tyrol (state) and died in Graz. He was a member of the Austrian People's Party.
Alvah Sabin died in Sycamore, Illinois on 03/03/1857.
Alvah Sabin was born in Georgia,Vermont and died in Sycamore,Illinois.
Alfred Moore Scales is a Native American from the United States who fought in the Battle of Gettysburg in the American Civil War.
Alfred Moore Scales is a Native American from the United States who fought in the American Civil War. He served as commander of the American Civil war.
Juan Perón is married to Eva Perón and is a member of the Labour Party (Argentina). He is also a member of Argentina's Spanish language. Alberto Teisaire is an Argentinian politician.
Brian Robertson (trombonist) and Aaron Bertram (bassist) are both members of the Ska Punk genre. They are associated with Kids Imagine Nation and Suburban Legends.
Aaron Deer was born in the United States. He is a musician and a solo singer. He is associated with Wee Giant and is a member of the indie rock genre.
Aaron Turner was born in the United States and has been active since 1995. He is a member of the Black Metal band Lotus Eaters (band) and is associated with Old Man Gloom.
Aaron Turner was born in Massachusetts and has been active in Sludge Metal since 1995. He is associated with the Twilight band and the Lotus Eaters band.
Abradab was born in Katowice, Poland on the 12th of November 1978. It was associated by Magik (rapper) and Kaliber44.
Ace Wilder was a solo singer born in Sweden on July 23, 1982.
Ace Wilder was a solo singer born in Stockholm on July 23, 1982.
Ace Wilder is a hip hop music genre that is influenced by hip hop, disco, funk, and drum and bass.
Ace Wilder was born in Sweden and has been influenced by hip hop music. Ace Wilder is a hip hop music genre that is influenced by disco.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) was born in Windsor, Connecticut. He was a member of the Rock band The Wildweeds and has been active since 1966.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a musician who is associated with the Rock music genre. He is also associated with the Bhangra music genre. His instrument is a guitar.
Alan Frew was born in Coatbridge, Newmarket, Ontario. He is a musician and a solo singer.
Aleksandra Kovač was born in the Socialist Republic of Serbia in 1972. She is a solo singer and a pop music fusion genre.
Aleksandra Kovač is a solo singer in the genre of Rhythm and Blues. She was a member of K2 (Kovač-sisters-duo) and Kornelije Kovač. She was active in 1990.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester in the United Kingdom in 1872. He was a United Kingdom citizen.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. He was a member of the European Parliament and Boris Johnson is the leader of London.
Alfred Garth Jones, born in Manchester, was a member of the Labour Party (UK) and the European Parliament. He died in London.
Alison O'Donnell, who is associated with Flibbertigibbet and Mellow Candle, has been active since 1963. She is associated with Floating World Records and Folk music of Ireland.
Alison O'Donnell is a Jazz musician from London, Deram Records and Stanyan Records.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who is influenced by folk music and Afrobeat. Her instrument is the Autoharp and her genre is Jazz.
Alison O'Donnell is a jazz musician who has a voice, bodhrán, percussion, autoharp instrument and a genre called Blues.
Allen Forrest was born in Dothan, Alabama in 1981. He is a solo singer with a background in acoustic music.
Anders Osborne, who is associated with Billy Iuso and voiced by the Wetlands All Stars, has been active since 1989.
Anders Osborne has been active since 1989. He is associated with Galactic, Tab Benoit, Billy Iuso and Blues.
In 1986, Andra (singer) was born in Câmpia Turzii. She was a solo singer and a Reality television judge.
Andra (singer) was born in Romania in 1986. She is a solo singer in the genre of Rhythm and Blues.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Armin Van Buuren, Bobina, Mark Sixma, Jonathan Mendelsohn, Christian Burns, Jwaydan, Alexander Popov, Jano, Alexandre Bergheau, Jonny Rose, Sylvia Tosun, Lira Yin, Alexandra Badoi. He is
Andrew Rayel, born in Chișinău, Moldova, has been associated with Christian Burns and Armin Van Buuren since 2009.
Andrew Rayel was born in Chișinău, Moldova and has been active since 2009. He is associated with Jwaydan Moyine and Bobina.
Andrew Rayel is associated with Jwaydan Moyine, Christian Burns and John Digweed. His instrument is a string instrument and he plays Trance music.
Andrew White (musician) has been active since 2003. He is associated with Kaiser Chiefs and Marry Banilow. He has a B-Unique Records label and a Polydor Records label.
Allen Forrest was born in Fort Campbell. He is a Hip Hop Musician who has been influenced by Disco, Funk and Drum and Bass.
Allen Forrest was born in 1981 in the hip hop music genre. Hip hop music is a derivative of disco and funk.
Alfred Garth Jones was born in Manchester. He was a member of the Labour Party (UK) and served as leader of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. He died in Sidcup.
Agustín Barboza was born in Asunción and died in Paraguay. The leader of Paraguay is Juan Afara and the language is Spanish.
Andrew White (musician) is a musician in the Nu Metal genre. He is the record label B-Unique Records and is located in London.
Andrew White (musician) has a record label Universal Records (defunct record label) and Nu Metal. Polydor Records is located in London.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a musician from the rock music genre, Bhangra (music) and rock fusion genre, Blues.
Al Anderson (NRBQ band) is a member of Rock music, which is a genre of Rock music. The genre is Blues and the instrument is a Banjo. Rock music originates from the country music genre.
Aaron Turner is an electric guitar player and a member of the Black Metal band. He is associated with Old Man Gloom and Death Metal.
Alfredo Zitarrosa died in Montevideo, Uruguay. The leader of Uruguay is Daniel Martinez Politician and the language spoken is Spanish.
